I love bacon as much as the next person but holy shit, that chick needs a stair master and some therapy.
How did she squeeze into that seat?
British people of African or Caribbean origin usually just call themselves black and are justly proud to be black, too.
The animals have destroyed all the recreation centers across the city so they resort to trashing their neighborhoods too.
They have no respect for human life, so don't worry about them taking over or outnumbering any other race. They are killing each other off, so it’s just a matter of time.
Getting back to after-school activities, those kids are learning to become entrepreneurs in business by selling crack and heroin on the street corners.
As far as after school programs go, most of the animals that have pushed for funding for these are skimming the money so there’s not much left anyhow.
You can take the animal out of the jungle but you can’t take the jungle out of the animal.
You complain and get your welfare check, and I work and support you
Some federal government lesbo butch bitch gives us an eight-hour harassment class. Guess what the only group not protected from harassment is: Straight White Males under 45. All the brothers started sucking their teeth and bitching it was great. 
It really does SUCK being white in a predominately black city. I'd like to know where a union like the NAACP for black folks is for white MEN? Seems to me that you have all of these organizations for woman, children, black people, gays, lesbians and all kinds of other people but there is no organization for WHITE MEN. 
I go to the gym the black woman working the counter tries to sell me a workout with a high price personal trainer:They don't ask the black women who look like they need a few lessons.  Go ask the 250lb. black woman doing yoga in spandex if she wants to pay outrageous prices for something? Why is it right to give the five white guys most of the work and all the hard jobs?  Why do you only harp on the white guys about wearing your company uniform?  But a white guy wears a Phillies cap and you want to fire them.
Why do people always walk past the hispanic girl and the black kid, and come up to me to ask me where shit is because I'm white. Stop assuming the white guy is going to help you any better.
When I go out to eat, I go to a Chinese buffet and the fuckers always sit me up front by the windows, so passers-by see that white people eat here. So now I have to walk the entire distance of the place to get my dinner, while the blacks, Hispanics, and fat old people get to sit right next to the fucking food. 
Guess what color the two robbers were? And imagine they did it at 11:00AM: I didn't think people of color wake up that early. You would think that people of color would appreciate whitey paying federal wage and city wage taxes so they can get their free housing, welfare and food stamps. That black mayor and black police commissioner should protect the nice white folks trying to make Philly what it once was. Fucking People of color, fucking People of color. Fucking People of color .Oh mighty god Fucking People of color.
Bikers are generally inordinately hostile and self righteous.
You and I will see the time when the inner cities are emptied of these soulless black animals. There is no reason for the white taxpayers here to support these people any longer, they are the cancer that threatens the end of our society.
All the blacks are on the needle. 
He has to be someone who either hates blacks so much that they put the KKK to shame or so incredibly incompetent and corrupt that they should be in jail for life.
Most of them are really nice people, and the rest are fucking pricks who want to leave the fast pace behind and bring it to our town.
So I go to this dump that’s filled with niggers and junkies, as if I'm like them. They keep making me talk to these idiot counselors who are also niggers and fags. I swear, I was always ready to spit in some punk’s face so much that my anxiety level was through the roof. I needed to sign up for Niggercare to have some asshole tell me the same load of bullshit that the idiot faggots here told me?!?
This mother is trying to convince her daughter to stop having babies on welfare with her pimp, drug dealing boyfriend.
It's a pretty good area, just watch for the niggers and spics who generally reside in the many nearby apartments. Plus, the Boulevard gives the savages easy access to those neighborhoods in NE Philly.
There's a fat pig that looks like Mike Tyson that lives on the first floor where I live. One day it had on mini dress. She looked like a blob of melted wax wrapped in black shrink wrap. Seeing her made me puke in my throat a little. Talk about 10 lbs.of shit in a five lb.bag! And I bet she was looking in the mirror saying, “Damn, you look good". 
Fat girls are likely to have obsessive-compulsive tendencies. And people with OCD are the type who start a 'job' and make sure they don't come up for air before it's finished.
Does anybody know why fat girls give the best head? There's no doubt that fat girls do, but why? Everybody will say "Fatties are more eager" or "grateful" or whatever, but that's bullshit, because everybody knows fat girls get plenty of dick if they want it. What the fuck is wrong with women nowadays ? When are woman going to realize that men just want to squirt in there holes and that's it ! 
We don't want to know you, we don't want to be your boy friend, we don't want to even see you after we dumped in your holes. Don't blame me:  that is the way we are structured.
We squirt and run, we don't want to have kids we don't want to hug you: Just go away - we don't want you after we are done. This fucking bar whore keeps calling me day and night after I gave her a squirt a few weeks ago. I can’t stand it when they think we like them because we dump in them.
The one thing I can say about Hippies is they stand true to what they believe in and are not going around killing people, carjacking etc like the niggers do. People also said Catholics drank the blood of babies.
My main point was though how come ALL girls won't even date a guy if he is her same height!
Admittedly, the fact that you could actually type and form sentences makes me think that maybe you are white or at least had one white parent.
It is obvious that you're one of those "progressive thinkers" who say that all guns are evil, the Constitution is wrong, that fag marriage is great and that everyone should be paying for your rehabilitation.
Black women are so ugly, loud, and obnoxious I think they are the reason there are so many "down low" black guys fucking other dudes.
Today as I was passing by the bus stop, I saw a nigger finish their bag of Doritos and then -wait for it- he actually THREW the empty package away in the designated waste receptacle. He was a real nig too: Not one of those light skin, pinky-up, uncle Tom, light skin brothers either. This was a full on straight-out-of-AFRICA, now banging hard in the hood, ashy-skin, eggplant -colored negro. 
I am not saying all black people are bad, because there is white trash as well. She had an attitude to boot, just typical baboon behavior. How come most of them are so fucking fat and they honestly believe they are sexy? 
I also read that a group of Jews in Brooklyn had a Koran burning last night during Shabbat.
I am never EVER holding the door open for Asian girls; they never say thanks for holding the door for a bank, a restaurant or a store. THE ASIAN SKANKS brought up in a shack somewhere. They never EVER LEARNED MANNERS. You dolts, you insane ones, you idiots.
Do you know what the main difference between a black man and a white one? A white man can support his own ass while a black man would starve without a white to support him.
I think all us white bread crackers should move back to Europe, but before we do set up video cameras, so we can watch all the minorities starve because no one will be supporting your asses.
These crackers are always showing up at gay clubs and gay parades acting all fruity and shit. Now all these cracker homos in the media are trying to shove this fruity gay shit down everybody's throats. White dudes really need to get a grip. I know you crackers be stressing about that little 3 inch wiener between your legs but you seriously needs to keep that homo stuff to yourselves.
Crackers are the original albino chimps with little dicks and homo tendencies.
Are most white guys actually gay and in the closet? We all know they have little 3 inch dicks. I get the suspicion most of them are gay too.
Black women stop having kids! No welfare money for you baboons!
These feminist pigs that call themselves women in this country are nothing more than a bunch of selfish whores with one agenda in mind and that's to make men their own personal servants. They all think they have something coming to them but the truth is that they're a bunch of aggrandized pigs with lipstick who think their too good for the average man.
I wish women would be like those from the 1950s and 1960s who took care of their husband, had dinner ready, did the laundry, took care of the kids etc. These days, women want their independence even if they're in a relationship and want their men to kiss their feet and do all the work and what not.
Most Asian women hate being Asian (though of course they'll never admit that), and they think white men are 'trophies', and they've been brainwashed to think that ANY man, white, Latin or black, is better looking than any Asian man. They also believe white babies are always cuter. 
I see so many Asian women now on the arms of non-Asian men, and I just know it's not all the guys who have a 'thing' for Asian women. It's just that many guys know these women are easy targets, total whores for the white/black/Latin man. When I see these Asian women, I can't help but think, “Whore, prostitute, military-base girlfriend. mail-order bride, trophy husband, green card.”  
Asian women are indeed the biggest self-hating sellouts on the planet, who are fixated on 'status' (which in their sick minds means marrying a NON Asian male, ideally WHITE).
Black thugs love white penis and enjoy sucking and slurping on white penis day and night. Black thugs are immature and silly as they honestly believe that if they suck and slurp white penis they may become White. Sorry, but that will never happen as you were born with the black curse and you will leave the earth with the black curse. Your skin color will always remain the same. And you will always be a carrier of Sickle Cell Anemia as well as the AIDS virus.
The Jews started this slippery slope of BS with their anti-semitism agenda which was then used by blacks for the race card and now it's intended to the Gays for homophobia and fat people for those hating fat people. Every group would now have a victimization word. Racism towards whites should be called anti-Caucasianism, anti-Africanism for blacks, anti-Asianism for Asians and anti-hispanicism for hispanics and see how the Jews like it when all these groups start calling the Jews racists in the media out on their racism. Jews are the biggest bunch of hypocrites on the planet.
But alas, nature hates you albinos more than us because you people will probably be extinct in the next 50 years or so. If there was any race that had it coming, it's you little dick fucks. Go the fuck back to Europe and give back the real Americans their name back because you albinos are no more American than the Dutch in Africa are Africans.
There's a reason the white Jew males in Hollywood love to give sellout whores like you a show, and not your male counterparts like Kal Penn and Dev Patel. Maybe it's because dumb minority sellout whores like you are easier to control and they can always use your self-hatred as a proxy to further their racist agenda. This issue is not as much about you dating mostly white men on your shows as much as why white males in Hollywood are always portraying minority males in such a negative manner while constantly empowering self-hating minority females like you as a proxy for their racism. Yes, you, a self-hating minority woman answering the question in the manner as you did is pretty much speaking for these white Jew males as a proxy for their racism. There is a reason why blacks who took control of their own image in the media sacked all their sellout whores and always make sure their males are represented with respect.
I don't even think Dominicans like themselves that's why they cross breed with Puerto Ricans.
Fucking Dominicans have no class. They’re disgusting nasty lowlifes, no sock-wearing mofo's, 
pretending to be PR to come to the US. I love gentrification, watching them a move out from my neighborhood 2 by 2 makes me happy.
Why are they all nigger lovers from the Midwest or California?
I have never seen a hot Jewish guy. What is it that makes them so strange and creepy? The women too, they're weird! I don't know if it's the money thing or religion but Jews are weird. I have a coworker that always tells me she can pick out a Jew in a crowd anytime. Why are Jews so creepy?
The nerve of those greedy Jews, who would rather rent their buildings to people who take pride in their dwellings, instead of the poor trash who destroy their own neighborhoods!
Greedy Jews want to turn Flatbush into Park Slope. They are renting only to rich whites from other states.
Jewish American Princess; a bitchy, spoiled, golddigging Jewish female; Raised in a wealthy household, selfish, high-maintenance to the point of sheer insanity, stuck-up, the worst woman to date/marry on planet earth, yet deemed the most desirable by jewish mothers, who attempt to force them down the throats of their unsuspecting sons (all for the sake of perserving "Jewish Heritage.")
The Jews created Christianity as a means to control and have infiltrated the original freemasonic society.
And then behind his back say "he's quite a well spoken nigger".
When blacks are committing the crime we hear nothing from these black ASSHOLE "community leaders", nothing at all.
You can't walk around at night if you are white. You are moving into a ghetto.
No more black people for me! I can't deal with black people anymore. Your white friends are always there for you, and black ones disappear and act sneaky. Some are too worried about looking "cool" and worried what others think, even the ones that are pretty old and should be out of that stage by now. Black people should know they are the dumbest race and can't trick anybody. My life is so happy now that I have gone nigger free!
I kicked black guys to the curb and we all know why, no one can stand their sorry, ignorant, pathetic asses. So I also kicked black girls to the curb and here's why. The ignorant angry ones take their sorry lives out on everyone else. They love to be nasty to women who are happy with their lives and well mannered: not all black women, just the ones who come from trashy families.
Older black women are always nice. Yet every time I go to a place where a young trashy black girl is in some type of customer relations position she is always rude to the customer. They are even nastier to customers/clients who are black like them. What a sad group of trashy young black girls who are jealous and nasty towards decent blacks. They always work low-wage customer service jobs because they don't have degrees or decent attitudes and aren't qualified for anything higher in life.
So this trashy black chick was downright nasty when I needed some help the one day, and all I could do was laugh on the inside, she is in for a treat, although she is a trick. Funny thing is she had a ghetto tattoo of her bastard baby on her body and no wedding ring on and was evil and angry so I know she was probably lonely. I KNOW I have spent YEARS paying taxes to help her and her bastard kids get by on either WIC, section-8, DHS daycare, HEAP. Yes I still have black friends that I knew from years ago who I project will always be my friends, but that does not mean I have to take shit from every smart mouthed black chick that comes my way when I could easily call up her master and let him know she needs a proper whipping!
We all know only white fathers are truly involved with their kids lives and have the decency to keep their families together. So in two months when that special day comes around, let's call it for what it really is: White Father's Day or White Asian Father's Day, because these are the only two groups decent towards their children. While black guys run off with every excuse in the book, and while Hispanics knock up another jelly-belly mommy and leave her pushing a stroller down to the welfare office with her other knocked up Hispanic friends in a big old pack like you always see them, white guys are practicing self control. Have fun while your tax dollars support all these silky headed hot tempered taco niggers, these Hispanic hoes pop out and watch the crime rate go up.
Here's what makes Asian women so despicable in my opinion. Apparently, they know that they are ugly and can't stack up with white, black or Latino women, so what do they do? They act as white as possible, and they get as much surgery as possible to get rid of their Asian features. Never mind that Asian women as a whole are the least feminine women in the world. After all, what do you call women who don't have ass or tits and look like they got hit with a frying pan, outside of the gremlin looking ones. We all know that Asian women are generally money hungry as well as really good at being a bunch of social leeches. They are the least respected of all women because of these qualities. It is no surprise that a lot of these leeching relationships with people outside of their own race of course result in them being killed or abused in one way or another or their children being abused. How selfish and how much of a self-hating racist do you have to be to as ditsy and calculating and socially pathetic as one of these gremlin sellout bastards? Apparently, getting eyelid surgery is some kind of affirmation of their sellout nature and whoring themselves out for money, a green card or social position is acceptable with these bunch of spineless whores.
Women in NY are all just superficial bitches! Women don't know what the fuck they want! They only go by their fucking emotions, which at most times are always wrong. They get with these nobody loser douche bags and prance around like they are all fucking princesses or something. If you would all just stop playing games with guys’ emotions, we would not be so fucking bitter about being with someone or not.
If you want to get work done, hire Mexicans or Whites. Don't hire that black man coming in. He has a soft penis and he won't work after the first day. I don't know why, but all black men have a soft penis and soft work habits.
There is a reason why blacks continue to be a bunch of irresponsible social misfits and criminals, while the Jews are constantly trying to raid everybody’s bank account, and the gays are out harassing and molesting kids. If you mention any of these facts regarding these groups, they just call you a bigot or a racist when honestly, they are taking advantage and promoting their own racist agendas for the benefit of their own groups.
I'm sure there is a very small number of you who do ok with it but remember, stereotypes are there because they are true. No one just made up that potheads were unclean, stupid, and lazy. Just like no one just made up that Jews are cheap, blacks are lazy and violent, or the Irish drink a lot. They are stereotypes because the majority of it is true!
Guess all you potheads will be eating chocolate bunnies and getting smoked up till you're stupid today.
Philly has long since been destroyed by negroes. Even the Puerto Ricans are leaving in droves.
This is to the fat ugly ching-chong lady who tried to show me up with her fat ugly ass, her nasty looking albino boyfriend or whatever. First of all, you’re a nasty ass-looking mama-san wannabe prostitute with no ass and no self respect. You really need to stop your Uncle Tom ways. I don't know how it goes down in whitey town, but selling out and being a cheap ass whore isn’t going to get you much respect where I'm from. Secondly, why would some ugly ass ching-chong fuck like you think that making out with Mr. Albino fuck was going to set me off? Please go back to chink town or whatever massage parlor or mail order bride this nasty white fuck found you at. You nasty ass chink women think you all that in NYC. Come to my hood and I'll show you what we think of your trifling ass.
Can Cherrios please make a white male black/ female interracial commercial and put it on Superbowl Sunday instead of the black guy/ white female couple? I am really tired of this brainwashing that's happening in the media and from the increase in black male/white female couples, this brainwashing has had a pretty big impact over the last 15 years. Hey, I like to fuck black women, so can you liberal fucks in the media please change the status quo and increase white male/black female couples in the media? How come the media isn't constantly portraying Latino males with white females, or Asian males with white females, or Indian guys with white females?
I grew up in the San Fernando Valley when it was all white. I went back to visit my cousins last weekend, and no more real white people in the San Fernando Valley. Now all we have are Mexicans, Persians, Iraqis, Armenians,  Israelis, and Egyptians.  By real white people, I mean whites that have been in America for over ten generations, real white people with real white American culture. Real white people with names like Michael Jones, Sally West, or Jason Higgins. Real white people that send their children off into the marines and army, and whom children are proud to fight and die for America. Real white people whom have been discriminated and hated on by blacks and Mexicans for being white.
Now all the so-called white people in the San Fernando are people with names like Mahmood Abdullah, Yousef Abdul, and fucking Hayan Sogarian. 
People born in fucking Armenia, Iraq,Iran and fucking Egypt are now the whites in the Valley, can you believe that? Shit skinned Egyptians, turban head Iraqis and Persians, nasty attitude Armenians are now the white people in the Valley. These are people with nasty disrespectful attitudes and that stare at you.  Middle Eastern people really need their own category; they shouldn’t be classified as white.
All you men who wish to date these trashy whores and can't think with your head vs. your penis, you deserve what you get! There are too many men who have been hurt, abused, and railroaded by these Feminists and trashy slutty whores. You guys are the "gold nuggets" these women want, especially good men with jobs. Weed through the gold-digging whores and make these women prove TO YOU why should you even invest your time in them! And since they want equal rights, make them take YOU out and pay for your meal. Time for women to WOMAN-UP! Don't let women emotionally manipulate you buy having to prove your love by buying them things.  Men, start getting some balls and backbone and start standing up for men, protecting them, and watching their backs! 
It's the white people who caused our economic downfall in the first place. White people are filled with greed and soak anybody and everybody they come in contact with. TV viewing is filled with commercials of white collar trash begging for you to soak the system.
Black women are by far the shittiest people I know. Black women have issues with their hair, other people, children, their friends, neighbors, and with men. it's mainly their fault that they are in the positions that black women find themselves in,  single mothers. The most uneducated blacks produced are by single mothers.
My neighbor has been here breeding like a rabbit for 20 years and has spit out 5 kids over that time and still can't speak a word of English.
Everyone who is non-native is here in Los Angeles with their hands out wanting freebies. I live in Beverly Hills around a bunch of Iranians and Russians who are unfriendly and stink to high heaven. On more than one occasion, I have heard those foreigners bashing and belittling this country. Yet, they immigrate here and set up their shady businesses that afford them the money to buy new BMWs and wear designer clothes, which they could never do in their own country.
These people move here and live off the taxpayer, and as long as they put degenerates and anti-Americans in office, like our Islamist-In-Chief Barack Obama, all is well.
I’m an Asian female. I like white men. Yes, a lot of Asian females like white men, but also many non- white females do also. White males are the most sought after for Asian, Hispanic, Middle Eastern, basically all non-white women would date a white male. Of course, not all non-white women, there are non-white women whom go for black and Asian males, too. 
I can tell the difference between white people and Middle Eastern people There’s a big huge difference between white and Middle Eastern, like night and day, physically, culturally, attitude- wise, everything.
Physically, first and foremost, Middle Eastern people (Armenians, Lebanese, Iranians, Arabs, and Turks) look Middle Eastern, or they look Hispanic. That’s why a lot of Middle Eastern guys end up marrying Hispanic women: They look like them to begin with.
Culturally, whites and Middle Eastern people are night and day. All of us, black, Asian, Hispanic, all know what white American culture is. Whites listen to rock music, wear skater clothes, and generally are seen by non-whites as people whom run the country and have pleasant attitudes and set standards for ethics and rules of society.
Middle Eastern culture: If you’ve lived among them or dealt with them, you know Middle Eastern people are fucking assholes with bad attitudes, disrespectful to women, and just a drag to be around. They’re nothing like white Americans. If you come across a white American male with an attitude like Middle Eastern people, you would think he has mental problems and needs to be on medication. But unfortunately, Middle Eastern culture is the worst culture in the fucking world. 
Whites generally drive Fords and Chevys, Camaros and Mustangs, Chevy and Ford trucks. Loaded white people with money don’t drive Mercedes or BMWs. Most people driving Mercedes and BMWs are all non-whites: Middle Eastern, Asian, blacks, Hispanics.
For Middle Eastern people, it’s in their culture to show off. Middle Easterns are all about excess, and it’s obnoxious when you know these people can barely afford it, looking at where they live.
This is part of the system of White Genocide that has been perpetrated upon my race, the White race. You have to understand that one of the components of this White Genocide is the massive system psychosocial re-engineering that has also been imposed upon ALL of us White people from birth, in a bid to destroy our psychological commitment and willingness to protect our families, communities, nations, and race. That is why you see White people acting self-destructively.
Do you really think that the Japanese deserve to be in the Japanese Islands after they thoroughly GENOCIDED the pre-existing indigenous Ainu population that had lived there for thousands of years before their most violent arrival? Do you really believe that the Asians deserve to be in Europe after they tried to genocide--and indeed murdered tens of millions of the--indigenous White European people about a thousand years ago? Are you sure you are not a crazy anti-White?
Anytime I think the hillbillies in the Midwest are too racist, I just head on over to the rants and raves board in Los Angeles. If one were to judge by the rants and raves in L.A., it would seem everyone there hates white people.
Greeks are using birth control and making love in the beginning instead of doing other stupid things. Greeks get to be with their own blood nationality and only speak one language. Greeks don't have stuff no one needs like NFL and the Walmart culture that comes along with it. Even though Greeks ran up a deficit to have birth control, they are doing better than the U.S. which doesn't have enough birth control and free love. Another thing about Greece: they don't have as many blacks and satanic Mexicans there which is good.
About the Boston Marathon Bombing: It's Muslims that did it, and Islam is the root drive behind the attack and murder and maiming of our people. Suspect all Muslims, until they can prove their intentions beyond all doubt to our full satisfaction, because you can't trust them. Muslims have in their thoughts, hatred and wishes to hurt Infidels, and will lie to get to us and hurt us. Apologists for Islam will attempt to distract you from this truth, so do not accept their lies.
Coming from the south I can honestly tell you: yes, Rednecks are lazy but if given a chance to be with a hard working Mexican person, anybody can change.
Everywhere whites go, the country prospers. Truth is, the parts of Africa that are still European with white populations are prospering, where the blacks parts are starving in a shit storm of violence and carnage. Black people cannot and will not take care of themselves. Blacks consume seven times what white race consumes and fill up 90 percent of the prisons, and your living areas are the most violent, deadly and dirty places in America by choice. 
Do women not know what a conversation is? I’ll try to ask a few general questions hoping to get some sort of decent response from a woman, but what I really get is a laundry list of answers with no further information at all. Women hide behind the screen, with your lol's and stupid smiley faces, knowing that you don't have to be interesting as long as you say you're hot, 22 and have blond hair. Girls need to grow the fuck up and act like an adult. If girls want to converse, then actually have something to say!
But don't call him a nigger or else you're a racist.
I vote Republican because they hate UNIONS, TEACHERS AND
ENVIRONMENTALISTS.I vote Republican because DEFENSE
CONTRACTORS GIVE THEM GLOBS OF MONEY AND THEY
START WARS TO PAY THEM BACK.
Harley motorcycle riders all look alike: two males, two fat, tattooed females and every single one looked like they were wearing a pirate costume. All four Harley clowns were sporting full Harley dress with dew rags / headbands with their shades perched on top. Orange and black seems to be the Harley clown's favorite fashion color combo. The Harley "Hogettes" were covered in tattoos. Bikers, and not just Harley riders, are the sludge of society! Bikers are filthy, low life or just wannabes! Bikers think they are big and bad, or just bad for whatever reasons but deep down they know they can't fight and that raunchy, trashy ink isn't going to fight for them! 
Good Friday means punks out of school and a week off from school next week. I can't help but notice that any time these punks get a week off from school and I read the police log it is full of incidents where there are mail boxes knocked down, graffiti painted on anything, cars are broken into for GPS, Radar detectors, CD's, anything that junior might be able to sell so that he/ she can get high. 
The biggest offenders are out of wedlock, bastard children, the ones you Liberals coddle for votes, the Welfare rats, white trash and brown people who pump out kids faster than Hostess pumps out Twinkies!
I want to warn all white men, do not have sex with a black woman. Black pussy will be your master henceforth. You won't have shit for white women anymore. You will want to worship black women and their sweet pussy the rest of your life. So save yourself white men, do not fuck a black woman. 
It never ceases to amaze me how the people that claim to be believers have no words of encouragement for those that do not believe. The way you believers talk about this person who doesn't believe is absolutely against the teachings of that book. I don't think the Jesus I read about would handle this situation like you folks are. 
I don't necessarily believe in God because of the way so-called Christians treat their fellow man. It just seems like to me you use the bible only when it suits you and not the intended purpose. I hate to be the one to bust your bubble, but those of you who believe in hell and wish that on others, then too will you have that experience. You can't wish that on your fellow men, or even talk down to him and expect your God to forgive you. You guys should be the one's repenting, not so much the non-believer.
The atheists help no one. They don't go around "bragging" about it because they have no good deeds to brag about. A Christian’s faith instructs them to do these things, but nothing stops an atheist from helping his fellow man so why don't they do it? Atheists just chastise those who do it in the name of faith. The atheist has no love for anyone but themselves but they have a lot of hate for believers. Well at least the closet atheists here do, a true atheist doesn't rail against God or try to tear down religion like the gays here do. All unbelievers face eternal death while I and In this situation the one who rants on this site becomes the Nigger. You think it’s okay for you to be white and hate but not for a black person to be black and hate. Every race has its Niggers and its decent people. If you are so disgusted with black people, go move elsewhere where there is only your race and seclude yourself and stop wasting your time on a site. 
I want to thank all the Jew cocksuckers walking the planet who on this day beat my savior on a cross with half price nails. Nothing worst worse than a slimy, Christ killing, money grubbing, Jew cocksucker!
I have tried so hard to accept blacks but I just had a confrontation with a pair of black chicks in front of a grocery store in Essex. She began her black attitude, so I left my car to stand outside and explain to her that she had 200 feet of parcel pick up space to load her car. I try so hard, so very often to like and accept blacks in my community but I seem to be wasting my time and self respect. I am tired of blacks being and acting like niggers because some white people 300 years ago mistreated them. I am convinced that if I had been black, this incident would never have happened. As a matter of fact, it is usually the blacks that park where ever they wish, double- park at yellow curbs,. because the rules do not apply to them. I am tired of the bullshit we get from blacks and I refuse to sit still anymore. Usually you would not find me this aggressive with anyone; however, I am totally fed up with negroes. I am done trying to be civil to niggers, they give me shit, they're going to get it right back. This country could be such a paradise if it weren't for niggers being niggers.