My girl is bad as fuck!
Typical Hadley, announcing something nobody gives a shit about.
You're so gay.
You’re a real ass fuck.
Whoever had a negative comment to put: fuck you! I don't want any dumb Facebook dissing or stupid shit on my page. 
You’re a pussy bitch homo cock sucking fucking dickfucker.
You are such a female, you need a thicker tampon, and to control your emotions.
Hahahahaha gay boy!
Stop being a disrespectful little cunt.
You talk as much shit as all of us.
Bitch, don't kill his vibe!
What a bunch of misfits. Jesus Christ, I would never take you to meet my mother.
Holy fuck, you're an idiot.
I love bacon as much as the next person but holy shit, that chick needs a stair master and some therapy. How did she squeeze into that seat?
Dude, seriously, FUCK YOU. You do realize that your comment about beating my punching bag face is AN ACUTAL THREAT - you dumb stupid asshole ? Yeah it's pretty much a threat, MORON.
I don't care if you have a opinion - everyone does – but who gives a shit?
Well let me ask you this, numb nuts - Who would be the bigger pussy here? The guy who is an or ass kisser or slave?
You on the other hand,  Mr. Sheep, go ahead and bend over and let the bosses and companies of the world fuck you up the ass. Hell, you probably like being fucked up the ass. 

Hooker, people LIKE YOU HELP ADD TO THE ILLUSION MEN HAVE THAT ALL WOMEN ARE IS A DUMPING GROUND, USED ONLY FOR THEIR SATISFACTION AND ABLE TO BE DISMISSED WITHOUT A SECOND THOUGHT.
YOU MAY EVEN BE RESPONDING AND ALLOWING SOME PSYCHOTIC SICKO
INTO YOUR HOME INTERESTED IN HURTING YOU OR YOUR KID. 
SMART MOVE, LOSER.
GET A JOB AND STOP BEING A FUCKING PROSTITUTE!!!!
Seriously, I couldn't even read your whole post without wanting to make a punching bag with your face on it and beating it to death.  Are you really that much of a pussy? My first guess is you are a huge pussy, my second guess is you are a blood sucking democrat and my third guess is you have huge lips and a big nose although, admittedly, the fact that you could actually type and form sentences makes me think that maybe you are white or at least had one white parent. Go donate your worthless body to science and maybe we can make dog food out of people like you rather than out of horses which are actually useful. 
OBAMA has made America"LAND OF MAJOR PUSSIES AND DOUCHE BAGS." 
Grow SOME BALLS AND STAND UP FOR YOURSELF.
You are a loser. You only married that fat whore because you and your son had nowhere else to go, and your own daughters didn’t want you, you loser.
You should have seen the cry baby hollering at me because I smoked him on the Kelly drive path yesterday. Get over it loser. What a sissy.
I didn't say anything because I know how much you meter maid faggots love it when someone begs you not to ticket their car, and I wouldn't give you the satisfaction. I know you have a tiny dick and this is the only thing that makes you feel like a man. I hope you get hit by a bus and taste your own blood as you feel your miserable life slipping away.
OMG! why don't you just go suck his fucking cock. everyone on this board knows the secretly that's what you want to do! So please go suck his cock or let him fuck you, anything just stop posting your stupid nonsense. You’re really pathetic. You are actually worse off than him.
You are an asshole for trying to post an ad saying it's me (Bob). You know what you're a fucking piece of shit scumbag.. You low motherfucker.What the fuck is wrong with you, your life is so bad that you want to post an ad for a fucking self-admitted drunk. Wow, I feel so sorry for your family, but I do wish I could find out who you were, you are worth going to jail for, you pussy motherfucker bitch!
Fuck all you punk bitches who told me to go to rehab. I should smack the fuck out of you punk faggots for giving me such idiotic advice. All in all, thanks for nothing, assholes.
I am right here, pussy bitch. Unlike you, I don't wait until they lose to talk shit like you do, if you even knew what the fuck you were talking about. It’s the nature of the game, you fucking PUNK! You're calling people out, and you don't even have the balls to name your team, you fucking punk ass bitch. That's because you change teams every year, right, cunt face? You're just a front running asshole who knows nothing about the game. Go jerk off in the corner, pussy boy! Tell you what either you post your team up here and man up, or just be another CL pussy ass loud mouth that is full of shit.
You stupid, union, blood-sucking asshole. I am glad your union bullshit ass has been laid off. Go blow up a rat, sit on a lawn chair and cry about it. 
Don't be such a lazy ass.
April Heath is what you call a fake and a fraud.
Those scabs on your dick will heal, just leave it alone for a week.
I heard your father worked in a dildo factory, that's why you know all about being a big dick, you boring windbag. Have a heart attack already, you dorky, fat piece of shit.
Unless you are the great and powerful Obama, the first gay black asshole president in the history of the country, then it is a miracle that you actually did something. 
Shut the hell, up you long winded whiner. 
Your girlfriend is a liar and a slut. If you can see her knees, then her dresses are too short and she's a whore who is going to wind up giving you a baby before you're ready. Dump her and find a nice, respectable girl, one that wears turtlenecks and doesn't flash her ass to people when she's going for a swim. Your poor parents must be so ashamed that they raised a horn dog who brought home a street walker. 
You don't know how birth control works. 
You can store your dick in my ass for a few hours.
Melissa Magee’s tits update: tonight melissa has on a tight pink dress that shows those marvelous tits off, especially from the side. not as good as the blue knit she wore the other night but still very tasty. You can almost see those big brown nips under her clothes.
Are you such a pathetic person that needs attention from people that you only crawl out of your troll hole to bash the Flyers? You really need to find a life outside of Craigslist. 
I've actually stayed away from this site because seeing your pathetic, repetitive posts about the Flyers want me to stomp your face in like the actors do to the zombies in The Walking Dead. 
Seems to me you have some issues with not knowing if you may be gay or not? It makes you lower than him!
It is difficult to say which of the following is more amazing: Your absolute, blind allegiance, your inherent stupidity or your complete refusal to think. You exist in a state of abject terror, pure emotion caused by the intense brainwashing of your fear-mongering prophets. The emotion is so strong  that you actually deny reality. 
Unfortunately he's the douche bag that posts half of the diarrhea spewing rhetoric on rants and raves here. Would love to knock him down a few notches, and of course he'll respond all big and bad......but then hide behind the internet cowering like a pussy making threats!!
All I can say to him/her is "Fat, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son.”
Jesus Christ, you are a complete moron. For a guy who’s been around for 50 years, you sure are dumb. Evidence the booze has rotted your already feeble brain.
Second, it is interesting that you accuse me of being somehow "obsessed with dick", yet it is you who constantly feels the need to mention homo incest with fathers and brothers, and every other degenerate method of gay ass play that you obviously spend a great deal of time thinking about.
Much like your projecting homo fantasies on me while publicly denying your own fairy nature, your attempt to deny the gay encounters you troll for and have spoken about having is transparent. Let me guess:You said it during a drunken "blackout", so you are somehow not responsible, right?
You're barely strong enough to lift the bottle of booze to that yap of yours, much less do anything "old school" to anyone.
You're the quintessential degenerate narcissist who thinks everything should be about him and that all manner of poor behavior and choices is just fine. In short: you're a lowlife bag of scum, Bob.
You sound like an idiot with your statements. 
You’re another three-piece suit wearing loser who has nothing to do all day except stare out a window from your office. No one needs to hear your backward way of thinking. What a tool you are!
You are such a fucking pussy. If you pointed your gun at someone, you would shit yourself because you are a fucking COWARD!
Now go back to sucking your dad’s dick, you fucking PUNK!
You have a superiority complex! You make me sick! Go die!
So here is the asshole trying to make me look like a real asshole. Read it and weep, you dumb fuck. All of that education and you have no common sense. I got your ass now.
Keep your fake advice, you idiot. You are a bunch of losers! And you are ugly, too.
If you want to suck my cock, just ask, you piece of shit. Shut the fuck up,you pussy fucking coward!
You are a PIECE OF SHIT, insensitive ASSHOLE. You are a nigger-loving, vote for Obama yuppies who think the world should rotate around you. 
You drunkard. You think way too highly of yourself, not surprisingly, since drunks and druggies are usually the most narcissistic, self-important putzes to pollute this planet. I’m calling a shit-heels like you out on their bullshit. 
Dude what the fuck is wrong with you? You need some fucking medication? Who the fuck do you think you are, you fucking piece of shit for a human being? You know nothing about me, you jerk off.
Come on guy, you got to use what nature gave you even if it’s a tiny dick.
You are all such fools, just stupid fools.
He needs his ass kicked bad.  What an asshole piece of shit scumbag.
Wow, you are as dumb as those trees you live in.
Again, why is it that you, when you run out of intellectual steam (which happens within one post), you immediately go into some degenerate, homosexual fantasy? You quickly have no retort to being called on your nonsense and right away, out comes the impotent threats and gay crap. It sounds to me like you're trying to come out of the closet. Just come out already, Bob. If you actually grow a set, I will not give you the dick you're looking for. Some unscheduled dental work, that's likely. But living out your faggot fantasies: No, douche!
God, I wish I could show you what a dumb, ugly two faced stuck up bitch you are! Yes, you are a fucking cunt. Your mouth spreads diseases. I never in my life held on to something like I have held on to the two faced cunt-face bullshit that you say. You are a liar and I can't stand you for it because you feed on it. Was your life that shitty that you had to ruin others? Fuck you Sara. I hope you suffer like you made me suffer with your whore lies!
I fucking hate kids named Connor. They're unathletic, annoying, gay, douchebags, smell bad, , dress poorly and just downright suck. If your first name is Connor, than I hope you get butt plugged by a skunk. Name your kid ANYTHING BUT Connor, because if I find out another kid is born with the first name Connor, I will find him and force sex upon him with a smelly dead erect skunk.
Fred Phelps is dead. Go to hell, you FUCKING PATHETIC ASSHOLE. Fuck you and your so called church. There isn't enough forgiveness to even try to give you.
Then there are the assholes that suck this bullshit up, people that never lifted a finger to
serve in the Armed Forces. Real bags of monkey puke. That skank doesn't deserve one fucking penny. Fuck you and the horse you rode in on.
That shit is weak. You have such a low opinion of yourself that you pretend to be someone else.
If that wasn't bad enough, you had to really suck at it too. You suck harder than a vacuum cleaner in a tornado. What a douche nozzle. Another guy is screwing your woman right now. 
What a fucking narcissistic idiot. Enjoy yet another empty and lonely Friday night, where your only "date" is arguing with the internet people and pulling your pud. You dumb shit.
Anyone who gets E-mails from ole Wayne knows the asshole can't put a sentence together to save his life.
What kind of stupid fuck are you that you felt the need to floor it and cut off a truck and have me practically roll over your lame ass, your wife and 3 year old kid in the car seat? If your family wasn’t in the car, I would have run your stupid ass over. FUCK HEAD!
Can't you fucking read, moron?
Idiots, don't come crying to me when you have to wear the laser helmet at Staten Island Hospital to irradiate the tumors in your brain. Smokers should be slapped on a constant every day basis.
These crackers are always showing up at gay clubs and gay parades acting all fruity and shit. Now all these cracker homos in the media are trying to shove this fruity gay shit down everybody's throats. White dudes really need to get a grip. I know you crackers be stressing about that little 3 inch wiener between your legs but you seriously needs to keep that homo stuff to yourselves.
It must be nice not to have a brain.

What a total bunch of stupid assholes and what the fuck kind of lawyer is going to bring a shit suit like this anyway?

These assholes go to law school, they know they have no basis for a suit, but they file a suit anyway? What the fuck kind of bullshit is this!?
Why the hell do these people feel some sort of entitlement? Because you rent a shitty ass expensive room in Brooklyn like the rest of us? You guys aren't special; you are all seriously out of your mind and need to jump out the "large, sunny windows" you describe to be the only glamorous thing out there.
It makes you a complete moron and a douche for thinking that you're righteous because you have the keys to an overpriced shit hole that you consider to be completely worth the price you're asking. 
Most of you idiots aren't even from New York, never mind Brooklyn. Who the hell are you guys kidding?  Get the hell off craigslist and recruit one of your retarded friends who are exactly as soulless, dumb and apathetic as you. I don't want to screw you, I don't want to hand over $600 a month and not be able to use the kitchen, bring friends over, and breathe a little in my own space. 
I hope you idiots don't find a roommate and you have to pay an even more ridiculous price because no one wants to live with such losers who feel the need to play whose the bigger boss in the house. Fuck you, I just had to put it out there.
You evil devils will say anything to excuse the inexcusable. But alas, nature hates you albinos more than us because you people will probably be extinct in the next 50 years or so. If there was any race that had it coming, it's you little dick fucks. Go the fuck back to Europe and give back the real Americans their name back because you albinos are no more American than the Dutch in Africa are Africans. You can start your apologies to the rest of humanity by doing something meaningful for a change. What's ironic to me is that you fucks tried killing off nonwhites and enslaving them but you people are the ones dying out in the end.
Slut in long island: You should be ashamed. Good white husband working hard to give you everything and what does he get - a slut and he does not know it. What would you think if he says your pussy is all worn out and finds a woman that will respect and honor him. One day he will find out and you will be on the corner where you belong, slut.
Hey Mindy, maybe your South Asian ass needs to stop the self hate. There's a reason the white Jew males in Hollywood love to give sellout whores like you a show, and not your male counterparts like Kal Penn and Dev Patel. Maybe it's because dumb minority sellout whores like you are easier to control and they can always use your self-hatred as a proxy to further their racist agenda. This issue is not as much about you dating mostly white men on your shows as much as why white males in Hollywood are always portraying minority males in such a negative manner while constantly empowering self-hating minority females like you as a proxy for their racism. Yes, you, a self-hating minority woman answering the question in the manner as you did is pretty much speaking for these white Jew males as a proxy for their racism. There is a reason why blacks who took control of their own image in the media sacked all their sellout whores and always make sure their males are represented with respect. Fuck all you sellout whores for trying to run game on your own people in the media. Think about it, you whitewash bitch.
Hey Jacob, you fucking asshole, enjoy your Passover dinner. Hopefully it will be your last one. Everyone is just waiting for you to die: Your wife, your kids, your employees, yes, even your grandchildren. They say they can't wait.
You are a violent man that over reacts. You indeed need professional counseling to get a grip on reality.
Bartenders selling alcohol to patrons without wristbands, and then the white and black trash "security" snitches throwing same folks out in the street. Bunch of lowlife scum, especially the black shits who should be ashamed that they are gutter level snitches. Fuck you, fuck your mothers (but then motherfuckers like you already fuck them), you would be dead in minutes if you pulled that shit out in the street. But then if you had any brains or self-respect you wouldn't be working a shit job like that, getting paid to snitch like the low class bitches you are. None of you will ever get anywhere in life, you are pathetic rejects whose only chance of a date is with your hand, you'll never have a decent job, never make any good $$$, and have to look your sick snitch faces in the mirror each AM. Fuck yourselves. Fuck Steve Madden for hiring scum like you, and fuck pretentious Williamsburg: you dumb ass niggers. You let your neighborhood get stolen right out from under your lazy black asses and now the only way you can make it is by snitching on folks.
And then behind his back say "he's quite a well spoken nigger.”
You are dumber than a Nevada cow.
You make a fool of yourself every time you childishly proclaim that a background check is "gun grab". You make a fool of yourself every time you insist that "my" politicians killed the background check bill, when it was "your" politicians who filibustered it. You make a fool of yourself when you repeatedly state that twenty dead kids are not your concern.You make a fool of yourself every time you deny the fact that an overwhelming majority of Americans are in favor of background checks. 
You made a fool of yourself when you posted a picture of a Remington when you were referring to the LAX shooting.
You make a fool of yourself when you unwittingly bitch about a stabbing being demonstrably less lethal than a shooting, thereby underscoring the need for gun control.
You make a fool of yourself when you bitch and moan for months, like a spoiled child, about every little detail that you happen to get right.
And you certainly make a fool of yourself when you keep reposting a screen shot you first posted on RNR a full six months ago, over and over and over again.
And that's just what I can remember without making screen shots of your posts, loser.
Jerry is such a conniving PHONY creep that he admitted seeing Rev. Jen comment about her being stalked by him and that she would sick Gerber on his sorry Ass if she ever found out who and where he was. He made up a phony story about being able to TAPE the BPC Live Stream that night but we all know he was sitting there watching it LIVE with his bands down round his ankles. I won’t go into the dismal efforts he made to scare Jen but they revolved around posting her home address on the casual encounters board and saying she liked to be gang raped. Leave Malware Mike out of your delusions, Jeff.
There is definitely something very, very wrong with you people. You're not actually doing shit. You'd have to convince me to give a shit first. You should know by now that I don't. If you haven't picked that up yet you're a slow child and may need to get yourself a tutor. As stalkers go you folks are inept. A bunch of fucking amateurs. Your rambling insanity, as usual, is barely decipherable. You may want to tell your doctor to lower your meds. I can almost sense you slurring your words as you type.
You all are damaged in a way society can't even help you. You're messed up. The weird thing is you guys don't even realize how fucking warped you are. Predators: you troll around on the web looking for prey! You're fucked! Psychologically, you have no real relationships. You just spew your shit and try to fuck some girl on Craig’s List. Then when she doesn't respond you, you insult her and display your troll-like behavior. By the way, at least change the email address once in a while so it's not so obvious,  stupid.
Your problem is that you think everyone is stupid.
Suck my LITTLE dick, son. I'll kick your fucking ass, Bozo. I hope your MOTHER gets raped by a pack of muslims and stomped on by CAMELS, sparky. Meet ME if you have BALLS to have a girly slap fight, son. You KNOW where to find me at my section 8 unit in Astoria, busybody prick. You were WARNED now it is time to take action, moron. I'm watching YOU, dimwitted con.
That woman oozes filthy nastiness and makes me incredibly horny. She's 70s porno slut hot and the tattoo should say John Holmes’ cock!
IRONWORKER WANNABE BITCH NO GUN NO HARLEY FAKE PORNOSTAR PICTURES YOUR SISTER IS UGLY AS HELL WAFFLE HOUSE DIPSHIT PRETEND FARMER MINIVAN DRIVING HOMO.
To the black punks that live in the projects in Coney Island, are you going to burn another mattress in the apartment or hallway and kill another black or Hispanic fireman? Instead of starting a fire, you could take a handgun and kill other black punks that are hanging around and are a drain on society. You should have been aborted, you miserable piece of human waste.
THE GUY THAT WORKS THERE DURING THE DAYIS A FUCKING DOUCHE BAG POLISH/TURKISH PIECE OF SHIT. THE GUY HAS A SQUARE FUCKED UP HEAD. HE JUST STANDS BEHIND THE COUNTER, JERKING OFF,ALL DAY LONG.
Fucking loser. He would be riding bitch too!
Hillary is a joke. The rest of the country is afraid of her. Can you picture waking up next to that bag of crap every day, or more importantly her being allowed anywhere near a place of power or influence ? Just my opinion but I think a bag of cat shit would have been a better option. 
Al, all your racist behavior over the years has come back to bite you. You were dirt a long time ago and you still are now. You should crawl under a rock. You will not be missed by any means.
You've posted this pussy shit before. You don't have the balls or brains to answer a post with your opinion? I'm very upset that I scared you by having opinions. Change your Hello Kitty panties. Come on out and have an adult opinion or discussion. You can't
discuss issues or have a rational debate, you just demonize anyone who disagrees
with you and call them snotty names. You must be Ukrainian. You just go to the back of the class and whisper how mean The Moderator is. You are sniping without ammo.
Why don't you stick your head up your ass and take a shit?
I'm sure your clothes smell, your hair is unwashed, and your teeth look like buttered corn on the cob.
You know, Bob, I used to think that the poster who tears you up was full of shit. That was until recently when he or she proved you to be a liar. At this point, as far as I’m concerned, you have lost all credibility here. And your statement that the rest of the people don’t give a shit, hate to tell you this, but I’m one of those people and I think it’s entertaining as hell watching someone systematically take you apart piece by piece. You have established yourself as being a total asshole who jumps into a online fight with virtually everyone. Combined with your alcohol problem and being a chronic liar, it seems that you are the one with the psych problem.
Lastly, it’s ironic that you call the poster a coward when everything you have done and said here demonstrates your deep cowardice.
CINDY CRYSBY is a bitch with no defensive skills and whines.
You are a fucking nut case. I am not going to respond to any of your false post any longer for two reason: I don't give a fuck about your made-up urls, and the people on the site could care less as well. So fuck you and have a fucked up day. I can't wait until you get caught again. Why do you like little boys? Is it because when you were an altar boy you had a Jerry Sandusky in your church? Why don't you just go seek help? I hope you get caught again and bubba takes good care of you and then throws you off the 5th floor tier to your death, you fucking piece of shit poor excuse for a human being! SCUMBAG COWARD!
You must really be a total moron.
You must be really desperate for approval from people on this site if you have to reach by conjuring up that kind of a story to divert attention away from you being a drunken fool who couldn't hack rehab and staying sober for a whole week. It's not surprising though, since you've been caught in so many lies here.
You're a spineless putz, a coward, liar, drunk, an unemployed leech, and a degenerate who always goes right for homosexual fantasies when you quickly run out of intellectual steam. What a useless piece of work you are, having the worst in personality traits. Go ahead, Bob, let everyone know how you're going to kick my ass.
If your sick life revolves around sports teams, then maybe you should end it.
You are a stupid ass who knows nothing about hockey at all!
I hope the Easter Bunny takes a massive shit in your kids’ Easter Baskets, you sick fuck.
I love fucking with you, you sick piece of useless camel DUNG I hope your Easter ham burns in the oven you, pedophile freak. HAPPY EASTER, YOU WHITE NIGGER FUCK.
You are weak and you are my trained rats.
The coward is you, Kenny, always has been, and always will be. You are my bitch, Kenny. You will never, not in a million years, ever have the balls to say jack shit to my face. Go fuck yourself, Kenny.
Yeah, being a major source of bullshit yourself, you are in real danger, gun freak.
This is to the fat ugly ching-chong lady who tried to show me up with her fat ugly ass, her nasty looking albino boyfriend or whatever. First of all, you’re a nasty ass-looking mama-san wannabe prostitute with no ass and no self respect. You really need to stop your Uncle Tom ways. I don't know how it goes down in whitey town, but selling out and being a cheap ass whore isn’t going to get you much respect where I'm from. Secondly, why would some ugly ass ching-chong fuck like you think that making out with Mr. Albino fuck was going to set me off? Please go back to chink town or whatever massage parlor or mail order bride this nasty white fuck found you at. You nasty ass chink women think you all that in NYC. Come to my hood and I'll show you what we think of your trifling ass.
Clean the fucking place, you winy bitch ass fuckheads. I got a bitch who clod hop pounds on the floor when she hobbles her fat ass around and she must be a cat hoarder. There's a fist pumping Jersey shore wannabe guido douche bag below playing the same god damn fucking song every chance he gets, the shit must be on repeat cause the fuckhead hasn't got other songs or beats to play. The rest of these assholes think their parents live here and they can leave shit around all day every day. Some assholes leave their mail, especially their boxes in the lobby for days till they're ready to get it themselves. Mother Fuckers, it's got your god damn address on it and even though it may not have your name on it, it is still your shit, your trash, your responsibility to pick up and clean up after your god damn selves. You greedy, selfish, ungrateful, filthy dirty, lame ass douche bag, fist pumping, pretentious, high and mighty shit bags of worthless hippo sperm. I hope you all get what you deserve!
Hey,Vince Scully, just shut the fuck up! I realize that you're from an era where silence (dead air) was thought to be broadcasting poison, but you really need to take a breath and actually be quiet once in a while. You don't need to fill every second of every game with your constant prattling on about nothing in particular. Actually at 85, you just need to retire. Please, dear God, let this be your last year broadcasting.
Marty Ingles, please die soon! Marty’s bullshit so-called career topped out with fucking Marty supplying the voice for that pretty much ignored cartoon PacMan. What a worthless offering to the Canon of American animation - Fuck you Marty!  Fuck you Marty! Fuck you right in the ass! Please die soon, you fucker!
You are just an evil troll, trying to discredit the people who are aware of this evil agenda.
SHAME ON YOU AND FUCK OFF!
Then you have the drift idiots. My God, what pea brains these people are. They will brag in the ad about the car, and anybody with half a brain KNOWS to avoid this car because it's been raced to death and the motor is ready to blow. There's another idiot, he must be a flipper, because he always says the same shit in his ads, after the price he says, "Wow! Good deal!" Fuck you, asshole. You bought the car cheap, stole it from some old lady who had no idea what it was worth, now you want to gouge some poor schmuck. The salvage guys are idiots. They say shit like, "This car is perfect! It will last forever! Salvage title!" Fuck you, asshole. Nobody wants your wrecked piece of shit. Oh, and these salvage assholes (Mexicans and Armenians usually) generally want the full value when everybody knows that a salvage car is only worth half of the value. Thieves, assholes, idiots, and you’re an idiot for shopping for a car on Craigs List.
Blake griffin has no class. He’s a piece of shit. Pull your head out of your ass, Griffin.  
Seriously dude. I get that you don't like white folks, but why post pictures that make people think you're gay? I'll bet I could whoop your punk ass. Because while you're doing your haymaker faggot rush, I just wait until you're out of steam from smoking all that crack you buy in your crap neighborhood. Then, I just knock you on your ass. Quit posting faggot pictures, you ghetto faggot!
It’s time to flag this obsessed crazy fucking ass Jack spamming the hell out of Craigs List with his obsessed hate. This mentally disturbed Loser has been causing trouble and over posting for a year now. He even ripped this "corporation" crap off from another poster. He's full of shit!
He likes to pretend he's a "legal department". He also likes to want to meet you so he could kick your ass! This clown is not real! He's a troll that’s mentally ill!
It’s always the old fat sacks of shit being racist. Fucker, get laid already, instead of bringing races down and blaming them for the world being fucked. Blame your momma for raising you to be dumb sack of shit. If you knew any better, you would know that the world is already fucked and it’s only going to get worse unless we learn not be selfish pieces of shit like you.
You are all ass, YOU SCUMBAG,MORON. GO JUMP IN FRONT OF A TRAIN.
Michael Newsome, dirty ass chief, they should call you Chief Keef. You dirty bastard, you make me sick. You steal from the evidence room and are the boss of a dirty squad. You are dirty cop of the decade in Lake County. You locked up criminals and then took their stuff to sell. I know some of your staff was in on it, too, and your team needs to be investigated: Dirty North Chicago cops, slacking off like always. A buddy told me that you guys pulled him over and took his beer and let him go, you fucking drunks, I guess you guys were too lazy to process him. I hope you rot in jail and the same criminals you locked up will beat the crap out of you. 
There's an Asian guy named Justin H. living in Chicago who is the biggest douche bag in the world. If there's a gene for douchiness, this a-hole has it. Women or men, if you see or hear of him, run the fuck away.
The whore of Warrenville, IL is Jenna Crandall. She is a psycho lying skank. She has no teeth cause her stepdad raped her and punched them out, she is a heroin addict, a coke whore, she sucks cock and fucks guys for drugs, buys alcohol for minors, she fucked a guy in his 40's when she was 16, she fucks the guy who works at Walgreens in Warrenville and his girlfriend works there, she drives without a license and they sell pills. This family is complete scum. Stay away from these psycho lying scumbags.
You might think you shit rainbows, but pull the cork, take a bite and see!
YOU’RE THE ONE WITH THE ATTITUDE, MOTHERFUCKER.
You are a complete asshole and quite stupid as well you really think cutting in front of me and slamming on your brakes at 70 mph is a good idea.
Hey idiot, stay off the board, you lose, you lose. Your comeback is just insults, and so uninformed, it hurts.
You’re an obvious idiot, but I did want to respond to one sentence in your bullshit diatribe. Wingnut, you have HUGE BALLS talking about Soldiers dying when you’re a spineless asshole. 
Soldiers DIED so our asses could write this shit, but they didn't DIE for people like YOU to turn this country into a fucking Socialist Welfare Camp!