It was at 18th and Race, it's across from Logan's square.
Join me at the Dash for Organ and Tissue Donor Awareness on April 13, 2014.
Girls High Test April 15, 1968! Eighth grade dance and dinner after at Pub Tiki! 
Throwback Thursday: El Camino de Santiago de Compostela, 1996.
We've been to a few of our Most Wanted destinations lately: Dublin, London and even, Spitzbergen. Now it's time for a vacation:  Disney Aulani!
After weeks of scratching their way to the top, my trivia team hit their number last Wednesday at R Public House, making them the team to beat.
I got sent to Portsmouth New Hampshire in February of 1992 and there I met TJ Gobreski who has been my best friend and the love of my life.
 If you come by Chop Suey Books for the RIVER OF DUST paperback launch on April 11 at 6 p.m. you'll see many more of these. 
Have been on a bit of a sabbatical in the wilds of Baja Sur. And yes, Grant, Cabo or in this case Cabo Pulmo north of San Jose on the Sea of Cortez. 
Nice report on recent book event in Quebec City from the good folks at Life in Québec/Anglo Store.
Posting this for Mike Crago, who got this hat for me 41 years ago on a return trip to Belle Fourche, SD. Gallaudet Rugby Football Club member. 
Bob, the Sacred Cowboys will be riding into the Mermaid Inn on Friday and Saturday, May 9-10, the perfect way to celebrate Mother's Day Weekend. 
 I'll be talking with Stephanie Lecci about Shakespeare's Birthday Party (and Sonnet Slam)--happening tomorrow at 5pm of Engineering Hall, 4th floor (1637 W. WI Ave).
Our team will be heading up to Bethlehem on Wednesday night for the MAR Championships. If we have any fans in the Allentown area, stop by Lehigh University to watch some crazy robot action!
Tony and I went to Arcosanti in the 80s, and he was quite the presence. 
Went to NY yesterday to see Motown the Musical.
Stumbled upon a pretty epic bridal party at the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens this afternoon.
Connor's architecture technology class is touring Columbus Indiana for a few days and I'm a wee bit jealous (how did we not know about this place when we lived out there?).
Yay Marissa: 4th place medal in the 3200 at the Haverford Invitational. 
Mike was a participant in Catholic high schools art exhibit at LaSalle university art museum today.
Representing Bryn Mawr at inauguration of Eastern University president Dr. Robert Duffett!
We had one of the best ever burgers at a place called Fritzl's Lunch Box in Bushwick.
Just learned today about the existence of the All Deaf Rugby Football Club based in Washington, DC. This photo was at our very first match at Doylestown vs. Blackthorn C's, with a number of Blackthorn guys filled out the side. Amazing that they play near Boston tomorrow, the same day that BRFC celebrates 30th anniversary of winning the East Coast Championship (beating Boston) and reaching the Final Four. 
Tonight's date night activity - great live documentary about Buckminster Fuller through the Philly Arts Fringe with Andrew Kleeman.
I hope you can join us at 8:00 am. as we run/walk laps around the Philadelphia School Administration building 440 N. Broad St.
At the Sansom Street Oyster House in Philly. Plymouth Rock oysters -who'd have thought it?
Here's the official listing, folks, for Shakespeare's Birthday Party at the Free Library of Philadelphia on Wed., April 9 at 5pm. 
I love Philadelphia, where the past and the present coexist.
This is going to be epic: Famous Milwaukee and MU folks reading Shakespeare + music provided by musicians from the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra. April 9th, 5pm.
Essentially. I suspect this may be married student housing at Central Michigan University, which would explain the charm of cinderblocks and the industrial drapes and hose-down couch.
I adore dancing but will be at the Massachusetts Poetry Festival then. 
Here I am a lifetime ago in Skibbereen, County Cork with cousins on my mother's side.
You were on Assateague/Chincateague Island?
Sarah Lawrence College, 1993.
Spring in Chicago is like Newfoundland, without the charm.
I'm not generally one to mourn the closing of establishments and businesses (except bookstores), nor do I eat out enough to feel that restaurants are an important part of my life (well, except 5 Star Burger). But for many years, I often went to the Majestic Restaurant, for lunch or for meetings, and this is where I had breakfast with my son Bob Schuster on his 21st birthday before we went down to Busch Stadium for a ballgame and his first (legal) beer there. 
The LA Puppet Fest is screening Heather Henson's Handmade Puppet Dream films. 
Walmart just opened near us in the Catskills.
Colleen Russo flew in from Nashville for the recital as a surprise!
Tangle Movement Arts's spring show TIMELINES opens tonightat Christ Church Neighborhood House in Old City! 
Milwaukee folks, come down to the Jazz Estate on Saturday night, April 5, to hear the Greyhounds, with Reed Turchi, friend and son my friend Peter Turchi, sitting in. 
I'll be reading Monday, 4/7, with Ito Romo at 3 PM in the Honors College, University of Houston, MD Anderson Library. 
They went to the cemetary in Oakbowery where The Old Thomas Allen and Mary Cole are buried. Then to Sturkie cemetery where Thomas and Sarah Lillie are. You know our grandfather, Richard Henry Lee Wilkinson is buried in a lone grave in Kenneth Kirkwoods pasture on the Gold Hill road.
Getting weird in Portland — with Karen Siu and Benjamin Ring Graser at Old Town Pizza.
Lunch with the main squeeze Karen Siu. Steve Johnson at Feirabend. 
Fun morning crossing the Brooklyn Bridge with old friend Laurie Dickinson and new Cate Hesser.
The Fiery Furnace premier at Congregation Rodeph Shalom in partnership with MacGuffin Film & Theatre. May 4th at 4:00 pm.
Having a blast touring Duke University. Looking forward to our tour of University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill tomorrow.
Happy in Florida!
I am at Bloomfield College, NJ, and SO happy there (just finished week one!)
Come celebrate with the team on May 8th, 5-6:30 PM, 705 N. Franklin Street, Concilio reception area.
I rode hard and put away wet at Jill Olson' birthday party, San Francisco December 1995.
MY FIRST MOVIE CREDIT, from my New York internship I did at Puppet Heap at the end of 2012.
You should come out to Rosemont College next week and check out the Book Festival.
Thunder Hole today 4/18/14.
Booked tix to Minneapolis today.
I went to the West Coast one, which was fortuitously a 20-minute drive from my house, but alas, with two small children, I can't.
I am a native of NYC.
New York is not a very interesting city at all. I’m visiting Chicago and Seattle before returning to London. I was very disappointed with my visit to NY.
Even now I feel the hot breath of insanity luring me outside, towards Union Square, towards Times Square, towards that nexus that is The City.
To the beautiful new girl working @ Dunkin' Donuts [Saturday 12th April] @ (Metropolitan Ave and Union).
I come here for work and travel back to West Coast regularly.
I will go anywhere in Manhattan or Brooklyn.
I found a cool place in BEDSTUY/BED-STUY/STUYVESANT HEIGHTS, at Cross Streets: PUTNAM and STUYVESANT.
Address: 94D Thames Street, Brooklyn NY.
Located in Glen Cove, Long Island, this restaurant is the ideal setting for the wedding of the century.
DON'T USE THE BP GAS STATION, ON THE CORNER OF JERICHO Pike & CORNELL DR. IN COMMACK.
We had dinner at the Rusty Mackerel in Hudson Heights in celebration of our wedding anniversary.
Two weeks to Broad Street: get out there for your long runs.
NJ porch life begins again!
Did I mention that my mom is from Lexington, NC? Home of that there BBQ.
I don't live far from the Oxford Valley Mall.
Zaida Melendez, 421 E Wyoming Ave, Philadelphia, PA, 19120.
Zaida Melendez, Education: U.S. Army 2012-present; Esperanza College of Eastern University, 2010 – 2012, Philadelphia, PA, Associates of Arts in Liberal Arts: Nueva Esperanza Academy Charter High School 2005-2009.
U.S. Army PFC Melendez, Zaida 42Alpha, Human Resources Specialist, April 2012- November 2012, Fort Jackson, NC.
Gary Deal: Florida Atlantic University - Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 1998-1999; Savannah College of Art& Design - Savannah, Georgia, 1988-1989;American High School, Statesboro, Georgia, 1984-1988,  Diploma.
Gary Deal, Summit View Enterprises, Inc., D.B.A. Ideal Photography Services.
Gary Deal: Linden Park Apartments: 2011-2014, Apartment Manager.
Janell Norman, Philadelphia, PA, 19131, I am 21 years old.
Princess T Burton-Hawkins, Philadelphia, PA, 19140.
Amber Ryder: The School District of Philadelphia, Food Service Assistant, Oct. 2010 – Present.
Amber Ryder: The Home Depot, Philadelphia, PA, Dec. 2009 - June 2010, Cashier.
Amber Ryder: Parkway Center City High School, Sept. 2004 - June 2008, High School Diploma.
Michael D. MacRae: Education: Delaware County Community College, Media, PA,
Network Engineering.
Joshua Andrew Myers, 519 Bartlett Ave, Ridley Park, PA 19078.
Francis McNish, Sr., 3464 Parkview Drive, Bensalem, PA 19020.
Christopher Levitan : Bachelor of Arts in Psychology, Saint Joseph's University, Philadelphia, PA.
Christopher Levitan: Associates Degree in Liberal Arts, Delaware County Community College, Media, PA.
Frank E. Wilburn, 7305 Limekiln Pike, Philadelphia, PA 19138.
Donna J. Lynn-Truitt, Philadelphia, PA 19132.
Call BARRY at PURCHASING SOLUTIONS INC, 15 E. Winona Ave.
Norwood, Pa. 19074.
I reside within the Frankford terminal area so getting to my destination isn't a problem.
I've lived on the West Coast for many years. I've also lived in Seattle Washington and traveled the country. I now reside here on the East Coast.
I moved here from California six years ago.
I'm a motivated leader and a team player looking for employment in the Pennsport, Queen Village, Center City, Penn's Landing areas. I CANNOT Work outside of Philadelphia, but thank you for the offers I've been receiving – keep offers to 19147 + 19148 zip codes only please.
I am now working as a Property Manager in the King of Prussia Area.
Hello my name is Janai (Jenny) and live near in Philadelphia Center city area. 
My names Lindsey, 28, and currently living in Philadelphia, West oak lane area.
I HAVE RECENTLY RELOCATED TO PHILADELPHIA.
Yes, I live in the U.S.
I was given 18 months to live by an Oncologist in my state of Ohio over 5 years ago. I flew to Long  Beach, California and met with a Doctor that was conducting alternative research in Cancer, at Rationale Theraputics. 
My parents lived in southern California, and my husband has always lived in northern California. If my parents were still around, my grandma wouldn't have had the chance to send me away to live with my sister in northern California because my parents would have never allowed it to happen.
He had two infusion treatments at the University of Chicago.
We were practically living together for eight months in Germany but I needed to go away. Two months ago, I moved back to Germany so I could be close to him again.
The third set of Mayan ruins that I visited after Palenque and Tulum were at Ek' Balam situated about 30 kilometers north of Valladolid. 
I stayed a few blocks back from the beach which has a totally different ambiance than around "La Quinta" where all the swanky hotels and restaurants are located.
The Hudson Valley/ Westchester County area is a stone’s throw from our house.
When we need a Greek fix, Lefteris is our spot.
Prefer West Deptford, Greenwich, Mickelton, Haddonfield, Mantua Mullica Hill area.
I've been a teacher AID Assistant since 2004 and also was working as a Home Health Aide in New York.
My area preference is East Orange, NJ.
I met Marty Ingles once at Bob's Big Boy in Burbank and he was a wonderfully kind, polite, generous man.
I grew up in the San Fernando Valley when it was all white. I went back to visit my cousins last weekend, and no more real white people in the San Fernando Valley.
I'm originally from Miami, FL and come from a Cuban family.
That Hollywood Blvd. is such a tourist trap filled with all types of hustlers and entertainers.
I'm a native of California. I have lived in several cities throughout California and have lived in LA for the past 25 years. I've lived on the Westside where there wasn't a huge non-Caucasian population. I now reside on the East Side specifically in Silver Lake where there is a large non-Caucasian population.
Southern CA used to be a beautiful place 40 years ago where everyone wanted to be. Now every city in L.A. County is full of illegal immigrants, crime, and filth!
I grew up in a town called Covina that now looks like a third world country. It used to be a beautiful place to live and the neighborhood I grew up in looks like Tijuana, Mexico.
California is so expensive and not even worth living there.
To the frustrated woman who cut me in line this morning at the Starbucks drive-thru on Lincoln Drive by Rose Ave.:  I hope you have a better day!
Anytime I think the hillbillies in the Midwest are too racist, I just head on over to the rants and raves board in Los Angeles.
If you come to California you better be heavily connected corporately or through group government entitlements. 
I guess I'm what you would call a real Redneck born in Kentucky moved to California as a gay man.
I am trying to locate Howard Cohen who lived in the Los Angeles area in early 90's who attempted to bring charges of forgery and grand theft against a person by the name of Joseph Eric Davison (who fled the state of California).
I’m visiting O'Hare Airport Renaissance Hotel April 29th & 30th.
I live in the northwest suburbs and work along the North Shore, and it just seems that a significant number of the Trophy Wives or Trophy Girlfriends do not seem happy.
For now, if you live in Indiana, be prepared if you light up to have some thugs in body armor knock down your door, throw a grenade at you and taser you for public safety and control.
Ok the 5th of April, I was inside Caboose Restaurant by the railroad tracks at about 12 pm in Mundelein, IL.
The HOTTEST summer I have ever spent is this winter at a Chicago Housing Authority, your taxes paid, building at 2640 N. Sheffield Av in Chicago.
She was living in the Arlington Heights/ Schaumburg area with her parents who won't give me the time of day.
Long story short, I have had problems with my brand new car that I leased from Herb Chambers Chevrolet in Danvers, Ma since 30 days after I took delivery.
We met up at Mexican restaurant for the first time in Deer Park.
It's on days like these where I wish I lived in New York, L.A., Miami, hell even D.C!
I departed Sandton, Johannesburg, as I had arrived: on the airport express service. The train breezed eastwards through suburbs and intervening golf courses to Oliver Tambo International Airport.
I still need to visit some National Parks, and I would like to take Amtrak's Empire Builder between Seattle and Chicago.
We stayed for 4 nights at Cotton Tree. We had an apartment with super coastal views towards Moloolaba.  I enjoyed a round of golf at the well manicured Horton Park Golf Club. We travelled further North to watch the surfers at up-market Noosa Heads. We drove inland to Montville and then Maleny. We visited the Mary Cairncross tropical rain forest. On our way back to Brisbane we diverted to the Glass House Mountains.
Today we left Delhi for a 7 hour minibus drive to Jaipur which I'm led to believe is the capital of Rajasthan.  As we neared Jaipur, we saw a few elephants which are used as a means of transport in this area of India. We are staying at the hotel Fort Chandragupt.
Since I arrived to Kenya with no plans whatsoever, I had to take what was offered. After an amazing visit to neighbouring Tansania and a great safari trip through some of the best national parks I decided to visit the famous Masai Mara National Park in Kenya.
We came back to reality with a visit to a nearby boutique brewery and ended the day at a Thai restaurant in Brisbane.
OK so we reached Alice Springs early, so we cleaned up, shopped and revisited the Macdonnell Range. We have been up the Stuart Highway before, so it was just revisiting favorite spots again like Aileron (giant statues), Barrow Creek, Devil’s Marbles, Wyecliffe Well (UFO capital of Australia), Tennant Creek (the first sighting of termite mounds on our trip) and the Pebbles (smaller version of the Devils Marbles).
We arrived at Maun about 2 pm and we had to prepare for our trip into the Okavango Delta.
Just after leaving the city of Maun, we made a left turn and within minutes we were driving in the Kalahari Desert.
After breakfast we were ferried by boat to the village of Cai Be on the banks of the Mekong River.
Helen’s cousin Matt and his family were staying at the La Paz Waterfall gardens which are an hour and half north of San Jose.
We spent the following day preparing for our epic ten hour bus ride to Panama City where I am now enjoying a cool Balboa beer.
Big hugs from the lovely Alex and we leave Sarapique and head toward's Brian's home town of La Fortuna.
We left Salta in darkness at 7 am, and for the first few hours followed the same route as a couple of days earlier; up to the start of the Humahuaca gorge and then west into Pumamarka. It was mildly interesting to recognise places we'd seen before - Tumbaya, the locals now dispersed, presumably back to the mountains; the 7 coloured hill at Pumamarka. However, it was only when we passed Pumamarka and entered terra incognita, that the journey began to be interesting.
We crossed over into Chile and eventually after more hours with the mountains growing imperceptibly closer began our careful descent down to San Pedro, the curves of the bends occasionally bearing testimony to drivers who had not been so careful.
My first day trip was to a place in the just outside San Pedro called the "Valley of the Moon".
I´d declined the opportunity to take the "polar plunge" when I´d been in Antarctica and, having seen how much those who had taken part had enjoyed this experience, I´d promised myself that I wouldn´t pass up any similar opportunities.
On our way back to San Pedro we stopped at a very picturesque Coya village that despite being on the tourist trail had retained many of its original features.
A bit after 6:00, we made our way back toward the train station to make one final touristic stop for the day, Cabo da Roca. Back in Sintra, we boarded the train back to Lisbon and were ready to eat a horse given all of the walking and climbing and hardly any food.  Tomorrow we head to Cascais on the Atlantic coast and try to finish up Lisbon!
We attended Church this beautiful morning at the Christ Crimean Memorial Church, a beautiful old Anglican Church in Galatea. Peter fixed us another delicious dinner as we relaxed and watched the sun set on another beautiful day in Istanbul.
We made a relatively early start this morning, heading for the town of Audierne, just over 15kms north of us, for their Saturday morning market. 
We first backpacked in Eastern Europe in 2001 visiting Netherlands, Slovakia, Slovenia & Italy.
We travelled south for about 50kms. to the town of Concarneau, a fishing town, as well as being set up for tourists.  Then we stopped off at on little town, Mousterlin, and went out to the point. Continuing on, we crossed a high bridge overlooking the town of Benodet, set on a river opening onto the ocean.
As I write the final entry in our first ever travelblog, we are safe and sound back home in Farnham Common.
We finally have arrived in Casablanca, Morocco after 21 hours of travelling (Calgary-Montreal-Paris-Casablanca). We took the train from the Casablanca Airport to Casa Voyagers station.
We then headed to Casa Voyagers train station and got our tickets to Rabat. Upon waiting for the train, a guy came up to us as he noticed our Canadian flags on our backpacks and said he had a friend that used to live in Canada, so we asked him where in Canada and he said "Calgary". He went on to tell us that his friend used to live close to the Calgary tower and owned a pizza shop there. He also told us of his friend who owns a hotel in Fez, so he provided us with his contact info which Jill and I will search the next time we have WiFi to see if it is a place for us or not. None the less the short time we have been in Casablanca has been quite an experience thus far and we look forward to the days ahead to bring us many more memories.
We arrived yesterday afternoon at the train station in Rabat.
Thursday and we arrived on time mid afternoon in Dubai, tired but after another good trip with Emirates.
In the afternoon we had a relaxing afternoon by the pool before heading off in the evening to a place called Souk Madinat which is a new complex on the mainland which recreates the traditional feel of the Arabic markets but with inevitable 5 star luxury and a strong hint of Venice.
It also it gave us a good taste of what the Barrier Reef might have been like and reinforced our determination to revisit Queensland sometime in the future.
Our last few days in Sydney have been just great to relax, have a great family time with the Colfers, catch up with Alison and also to really get to know Sydney well.
On Tuesday the four of us headed into central Sydney for the last time, now fully accustomed to the train journey and the layout of downtown. On arrival we visited the Museum of Contemporary Art which is located at Circular Quay.
So after the usual morning exercise for the big girls we headed out in the cars to a place called Balmoral Bay, which is on the outer reaches of the harbor. This was a perfect way to spend our last day in Sydney and with Chris, Rochelle and family, and we sat on the beach until close to sundown, with the kids (plus David) swimming and diving in the harbor area which had a very comforting net all around.
As I write we have just passed over the coast of Australia (almost 5 hours after leaving Sydney!) and we are heading towards our final adventure before home.
That’s it for now as we head back to the bright lights and very hot weather of Dubai.
I went to Mesa Verde on the way to the Four Corners. After I left Mesa Verde, I was not sure where to go. I knew I wanted to go to the Four Corners, so I did.  Once I landed in Flagstaff though, I left to go to Sedona.  The next day I went to Flagstaff.
Way back in the first half of the year I had decided to sail to Tonga, Samoa, Fiji, and some islands in between and end the year in Hobart, Australia before spending the next year sailing the east coast of Australia. As part of this Owen Smith, my friend for the past 38 years, had agreed to sail with me from Whangarei to Niue and then Tonga, usually a passage of 10 to 14 days. This is the first time we had made a passage together since crossing the Tasman Sea in 1979.  Our plan was to sail in the first week of July to Niue (about 11 days at sea) then after a couple of days then head over to Vava’u in northern Tonga, with a few days around Vava’u before Owen headed home.  We decided to give it a go, setting off from Whangarei and make as much northing as possible while still getting some easting in as soon as possible. Thus, on Monday 9 July, Owen and I left Whangarei for Marsden Cove Marine, where we would finish stowing the gear and food.  At Marsden Cove, we did the final watering and fuelling up and settled down to pass the night before clearing Customs and heading off on the morrow.  In light of this, we decided to head up to the Bay of Islands (partly to have some progress and also because Marsden Cove Marina is not a nice place to be when the weather turns bad). The weather was fine and we made good time arriving at the Kerikeri Cruising Club Marina (Doves Bay) at 7.30 that evening.  Come Tuesday morning we had restocked the boat (put back the frozen food and replaced the fresh stuff) and sailed over to Opua for our Customs check. We were cleared to go at 10.30 and had cast off the lines at 10.50 and heading out of the Bay for Tonga, the tropics and warmth.  Whatever, the motor was stuffed and we now had to turn around and sail back to Opua.  As it was we still had several days sailing into light head winds to get back to New Zealand.  For the next two days we sailed gently back, though we often were heading south towards East Cape or west to Australia.  On at least one occasion we drifted back towards Tonga in an easterly current.  
In true seamanship fashion, they delivered us safely to the work berths at the Opua Marina (albeit not the one suggested by the Marine person – that was just too difficult).  After a couple of questions (had we seen any other vessels and how far had we got?) and an examination of Hakura’s log, we were cleared back into New Zealand.  I could see myself running such an operation for 6 months a year and sailing the South Pacific for the rest of the year.  We left Opua Marina about 4:30 pm with the great assistance of a Canadian yacht, who towed us out past the marina in his rib. From here we tacked down the channel until clear of Tapeka Point. Once past Tapeka Point we were able to reach across the Bay of Islands towards Cape Brett in the light winds. About midnight we passed between Cape Brett and Peerce Island (where the “hole in the rock” is) in a light northerly. Around midday we were heading for Bream Head in very light airs.  As we rounded Bream Head, we had more wind.  We finally had to drop anchor in the turning cycle off the former commercial wharfs of Whangarei.  Several people rushed to help and in no time flat we were safely moored back in Riverside Drive Marina.
After some pretty scary looks and intimidating questions at American immigration (having traveled though south and Central America suggested we could potentially be international drug smugglers apparently) we were in the USA, Los Angeles to be exact. That afternoon we took a drive down the coast to Laguna Beach.  The next day we were on the plane heading to Las Vegas.
I flew into South Africa on Friday morning after dog's-legging it via Dubai.
I am a 34 year old male, residing in the UK, but raised in Africa, namely Zimbabwe. I moved to the UK in 2009 for personal reasons but have been a restless resident! I have revisited Africa on several occasions subsequently.
Later we enjoyed a dinner in Nelson Mandela Square where a large cast-iron sculpture of him stands at the entrance. Like me Xavier had flown in earlier in the day except that he had come from Harare. I had to be up early the next morning for my domestic flight out to Durban, so that's all I would be seeing of Johannesburg until I return the following Wednesday.
We made it to Russia, a long time dream of ours. And since we are currently living in Europe , Russia is quite next door. We spent a week divided between European St. Petersburg and more Asian Moscow. In St. Petersburg, we experienced the famous white nights. We visited the Pterhof, the Hermitage Museum and a local Vodka bar, which was not such a good idea. 
In Moscow we had by chance a very good accommodation, right in the only pedestrian area of the city and a former stronghold of the 1989 revolution. The Kremlin was only a few minutes walking distance.
We spent a week in Iceland. We arrived in Reykjavik around 1am and it was still daylight. We spent a few days in Reykjavik, did some sightseeing and we were amazed by the clear air. We spent half a day at the blue lagoon, which is the number one sightseeing place in Iceland.
We had a great time in Malapascua, if it was not for a simple guy that I would have rather never met. We left in the early morning from Boracay for our flight from Caticlan to Cebu on Cebu Pacific. We stayed at Tepanee, a small resort with 20 bungalows run by a charming Italian couple. The restaurant at Tepanee is very nice, but it is a work in progress and I guess they will need few more months to get to the level of Angelina’s.  We went diving in Malapascua for 4 days. One day, we went out to dive on  Gato island, and we spent 3 days around the local sites of Malapascua. So next time we visit Malapscua, it will be Gato Island again, but we will add Calanggaman Island.
I live in New Zealand. Since then I've been on more trips through New Zealand, Fiji, New Caledonia, Australia and back to Asia a few times, looking for animals.  I had never been to the Cameron Highlands before because Bukit Fraser being much better, but because there is cheap accommodation there I thought I would give it Cameron Highlands a visit and see what it was like. For the whole time I was at the Cameron Highlands, I only saw 39 species of birds.
After several days of much rain and no birds, I got sick of the place and caught a bus to Kuala Lumpur. My end destination was the Pudu Raya bus terminal in the middle of Kuala Lumpur. Last time I was in Kuala Lumpur (in December), I had stayed at a very good hostel called Sunshine Bedz, but I wasn't staying in Kuala Lumpur long this time – only overnight before continuing on to Singapore – so I was just going to stay next to Pudu Raya, where the bus to Singapore leaves from and also fairly close to the Kuala Lumpur Bird Park. Usually if near Pudu Raya, I stay at a cheap dump called the Anuja Hotel, but as the bus pulled in I saw there were now a few new cleaner-looking budget hotels present as well, and so I ended up in a pretty good place called Hotel E.V. World. Because I had recently been to the Penang Bird Park and would soon be going to the Jurong Bird Park it made sense to fit the Kuala Lumpur Bird Park in in the middle. It is easy to get to from where I was – I just got the LRT train-line to the Pasar Seni station and then walked: across the bridge, through the Kuala Lumpur Railway Station, round the KTM Building, past the National Mosque and then follow Jalan Perdana until you reach the bird park.
Braving the cool air, our family completed their marathon visit of 3 days at Universal Studios. All this will seem like a dream once we are back home in  Olean, NY.
We drove through the highway that could take us straight to Alaska. We passed through several Canadian small towns. I saw Merrit. It’s a small town or maybe a city. I imagine small towns to have farms but I didn’t see any in Merrit. We stopped by for washroom break at the border between British Columbia and Alberta.
Thursday morning I left Strahan and headed back to Zeehan. Before heading back to the museum, I headed past the town’s golf club towards the Spray tunnel. I then headed back into Zeehan to visit the West Coast Pioneer’s Museum again. After a lovely lunch I jumped back in the Suzuki and planned to head out of town to a medium-difficulty track that leads to Montezuma Falls, the largest in Tasmania. I consulted my track guidebook for something a bit easier nearby, and  I decided to go for the track to the Bird River Bridge on the other side of Queenstown. I drove to Queenstown, filled up on fuel and then headed out of town past the Darwin Dam which creates Lake Burbury. I headed back to Queenstown and then out to the campsite on the shore of Lake Burbury. Despite it being Easter, I did manage to find a nice hotel in Kingston with rooms available. My first destination on Friday was just down the road from where I had camped - Nelson Falls. I headed back to the car and drove towards Hobart.  I had another destination on the way though, Lake St Clair. It was getting late in the afternoon so I hit the road and headed into Hobart and on to my hotel in Kingston, just south of Hobart. On Saturday I was planning a quick visit to Russell Falls in Mount Field National Park, before heading to Gordon Dam. It was too late to think about heading to Gordon Dam, so I decided to drive up through the national park to Lake Dobson. I took a couple of photos on the edge of the lake before returning to my nice warm car and headed back to Kingston. My next stop was Hastings Caves.
Jimmy and I drove from Mobile, AL to the New Orleans, LA airport. We were each taking our first visit to Mexico. In about 15 minutes we checked into the Hotel Maria De Lourdes. A few guys joined me and Jimmy as we planned a trip to Isla Mujeres or Island of Women. Jimmy and I walked to the southern tip of the island, Punta Sur. My plans included a bus-ride to Xel-ha. I wanted to walk around Cancun today and see the city.  A couple of hours later, we landed in New Orleans. It’s time for me and Jimmy to return to Mobile.
We ended up on Rt. 27 and found Manny's Chophouse.
Over the last week I have been to Monte Verde in the hills, Samara at the beach and back to San Jose. I finally got my bus to Monte Verde and travelled for 5 hours. The next day, I went on a zip-lining trip to Selvatura Park. I paid a bit extra for a shuttle bus back to San Jose as I wanted a stress free journey! I decided to stay somewhere different in San Jose so that I could see a different part of the city. Next stop- Ecuador!
For the past 2 weeks we’ve traveled northeast of Redding. Two weeks ago, we visited Redding, then the following day in Mount Shasta and Eureka. On the way to our claims in Fall River Mills we had a clear view of Mount Lassen from Redding. Before arriving at Fall River Mills we saw a sign with an arrow to Burned Falls to the west. We wondered what in the world was at Burned Falls, but had to put it aside as we need to get on with the work at hand. We took the road to Burned Falls State Park. We did get to Burney Falls late afternoon.
Today was the day that I visited the Wadi Rum Desert in Jordan and stay in a Bedouin camp. But first, we spent the morning in Wadi Musa. The hotel, the Al-Anbat hotel, had a wide choice of different kind of breads, and Western breakfast. We also saw the Royal Tombs of Petra far away.
Our nightmare bus to Sucre started all right leaving on time at 6.30 pm but arrived 2 hrs late at 8.30 am.
The third set of Mayan ruins that I visited after Palenque and Tulum were at Ek' Balam situated  about 30 kms. north of Valladolid. I dropped by Hostel La Candelaria but the dorms were way too hot, so I tried to get a dorm bed at Hostel del Fraile which had much more comfortable beds and was way cooler, literally. Unfortunately they could only offer me space for one night so I had to suck it up and stay at Candelaria in an 8 person dorm.