Left Job at Comanche Company, 4th Battalion 9th Infantry Regiment.
Left Job at 4th Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment (Manchu).
Vatasha Boddy,  Clerk: Cheyney University,Cheyney, PA,Clerk, answering phone, taking messages, filing alphabetic, run Aaron, mailing, taking/carrying out work orders, research, typing,1996-1998.
Vatasha Boddy, McDonald's,West Chester, PA,Cashier, customer service with collecting money and serving the food, drive- thru,cleaning, prepping food, making sandwiches,worked the grill. 
Vatasha Boddy, Cashier, 2001 Kmart,West Chester, PA, Cashed people out, stock, cleaning.
Vatasha Boddy, Cashier,2001-2009, Burger King, West Chester, PA,Cashier, customer service on front line, serving the food, drive- thru, cleaning, prepping food, making sandwiches. 
Vatasha Boddy, Cashier, 2003-2003, Dollar Store, West Chester ,PA,cashier, customer service, cleaner.
Vatasha Boddy, Modeling,2005-2007,West Chester University, Art Department, Model for
West Chester University art classes.
Vatasha Boddy, Receptionist, 2010- 2011, Master Disaster Contractor, Philadelphia ,PA,
Rented out proprieties, wrote up contracts, collected rent, picked up supplies, placed orders, helped clean up worksite at end of day.
I am horny as fuck today and just looking to get off with another good-looking young dude. 
I may be mistaken, but I think small boobs are more responsive and sensitive. I love how and when a woman responds to my licks & kisses all over. I really enjoy seeing a woman receive sensual pleasure above all. Every woman can be sensual & beautiful - that takes the right chemistry, and that is what I am looking for above all. The icing on the cake is the physical attraction & unlike most guys, I am not turned on by big boobs. 
I recently found out I have HSV2 which is Herpes . My girlfriend and I BOTH had herpes and didn't know.
I'm intelligent and attractive with a good career and home and car and money and I have Herpes. 
I dated this woman in there a few times. We decided we weren't for each other but the fun flirting never stopped. 
One thing leads to another she gives me a blow job.
I'm a graduate student at the best school in Philadelphia, thought I'm originally from Florida. My girlfriend of seven years at the time and who was the love of my life got into Univ. of Florida. We both got our bachelors the same year, then I'm stuck in Philly alone.
She was out of my league though I'm not too bad myself. 
My teenage girlfriend: Ok, I just dropped her off - what a fantastic afternoon! I swear, there's nothing better than her perfect, hairless pussy and asshole.  She's 18, but looks like a young 17.
My mother and I are offering our Cleaning Services in the Perkasie, Quakertown areas!
I'm a professional search engine optimizer and digital marketer. If you're a small business owner looking for an affordable white-hat SEO, you've found him. Instead of lazily producing risky spam content, I build quality content and real websites. I also provide all my clients with webmaster services at no cost.
Hi my name is David Kramer. I am 19 years old, and I have a various set of skills such as: working at fast food working at restaurants, sales, overnight stocking, a little bit of landscaping, a little bit of front desk service, customer service.
I’m currently working at the Philadelphia International Airport for a company that could care less about their employees, pay a very low rate and never a raise or a thank you.  I believe I’m in jeopardy of losing my job.
I have considerable experience as a writer and editor, and a strong background in English.
I am an experienced fine artist looking to teach people of all ages and abilities. I have an extensive resume and repertoire including oil and acrylic paintings, murals (commissioned by restaurants and businesses) and drawings.
I’m a newly convicted 52 year old white male who needs a job. I need a job and I really don't care what I do as long as I can support my family.
I just hope my dad was drunk enough to not remember the whole conversation we had about anal.
That being said, the kind of sex I’m most likely to be having right now is with my boyfriend, and it is, with rare exceptions, wild, kinky, rough. There’s spanking and choking and bondage and dirty talk and blowjobs and it all happens really fast and furious. There’s no way I could relax enough to submit sexually to him if I were wasted, and I wouldn’t want to be anything other than fully present. I need to be alert to make sure that what we’re doing is safe, to fully process and enjoy it.
I like kinky sex, I like pushing my own personal erotic envelope. I get off on the occasional moments of fear or uncertainty that come with trusting someone else to set the tone, rules, and course of the sexual action.
I use a penis extending device, and when I use stims as well my dick goes all blue and purple and shit. I didn't realize and this one time it was blue for like a day and I thought it was going to drop off and I wouldn't have a dick.
Times are hard and I'm in a bit of a tight spot financially. I'm looking to have a little fun and show you a good time in exchange for a little assistance.
My boyfriend just broke up with me recently. Totally blindsided me, too. The break-up was all about him not wanting to commit to me.
I've really wanted to lose my virginity so I was wondering if any ladies might want to help me?
I'm 42 and I think it's time I move out of my parent's home and find myself a wife and settle down.
I'm feeling very tranny tonight and will be sporting my pink panties and smelling like lavender shower powder.
I am a professional organizer, home designer, personal assistant, home stager, dresser and green cleaner.
My girlfriend is very attractive, 22 years old, loves vodka with red bull and making out with me in public places.
We've had sex a couple of times too, and I've really enjoyed it. We're having unprotected sex and he says he's not having sex with anyone else. I have no reason to not believe him, but, for me, I don't typically bareback unless I'm in a monogamous, committed relationship.
Do I just go on the date but still keep an eye on things with the first guy? Should I drag quiet, reserved first guy into the relationship talk or just see how things develop?
Hello, my name is Richard, I offer you a relaxing and sexy massage in the confort of your place.
I am a serious and qualified professional certificated masseur with experience and references.
I'm having some challenges with my GF and not sure how to understand or analyze what she is saying. We are not 100% broken up but her best friend said just give her some time and space due to pressure. First, on Facebook, she put in a "complicated relationship", then changed it to nothing, but it's NOT "single".
If you completely broke up with your boyfriend, would you NOT DELETE everything, defriend him and especially PUBLIC pictures?
This is a long distance relationship.
I am an aspiring life coach.
I am 40 years old, married 22 years to my wonderful supportive husband, and have a 21 year old daughter.
I am desperate for a job because I am currently in debt over my head so I will work and not slack off.
I will be going to college but can work full time as my college days and hours will be really short. I have experience in customer service. I have used a register and have been a waiter. I worked in a warehouse before and worked in an office.
I have over 22 years of experience in route sales.  I have over 21 years of experience in Class B CDL vehicle operation. I am experienced driving a broad range of commercial trucks that include 24' boom, class 20 tri-axle roll back, and vehicles with air brakes and repetitive dual hand controls. I have knowledge of DOT safety regulations and map reading procedures. I am
accustomed to working under harsh weather conditions.  I can easily lift and carry more than 50 pounds.
I'm a semi-retired lady looking for office work.  I can answer phones, file, enter information into your computer, copy documents and just generally get your office organized. I've had over 40 years of work experience, so I know what I'm doing.
Christopher Levitan : Bachelor of Arts in Psychology, Saint Joseph's University, Philadelphia, PA.
Christopher Levitan: Associates Degree in Liberal Arts,Delaware County Community College, Media, PA.
I have also received my bartender/mixologist diploma. I am presently finishing my RAMP certification.
I design & develop multimedia websites, graphics, animations, 3D models & video games. I have a Bachelors degree in Art from Penn State University and 7 years of real world experience.
I am interested in a clerical/admin/data entry/accounts position that will include a great relationship with my boss.
I am a certified private duty caregiver specializing in Alzheimer's/Dementia care. I have over 30 years experience in the healthcare field and have a true passion for caring for the elderly.
Education History: Bucks County Community College: 2007 - 2008, Sanford-Brown Institute : 2005 – 2007,Certificate in Massage Therapy, Wyncote Academy: 2004 – 2005, Cheltenham High School: 2000 – 2004.
I am a Specialist Carpenter and I do all aspects of carpentry.
I will work for $300.00 a week after taxes.
I HAVE BEEN CUTTING HAIR OFF AND ON FOR THE LAST 15 YEARS .
I am a strong, careful, and experienced mover with over ten years of moving experience.
I am a 52 year old, college educated white male.
On February 14, 2011 I was arrested and subsequently convicted of one count of a non-violent, non-drug, non-theft related felony. Because of my conviction, I lost my wife, jobs, house, license and most of my certifications.
I am a good person, hard working and loyal that was unintentional caught up in something bad. I now have a criminal record. I can't find a job to support myself. I am 50 year old adult man who has worked all his life, until now. I have been a firefighter and a police officer, a nurse and a paramedic, cook and a bartender, a fire marshal and health inspector.
Hello, I am a stay at home mother that is looking to start work again.
I clean houses for you or anybody who needs their home cleaned for an event or just because everything is already piled up and it’s about that time.
Hello, I am seeking full-time work in the field of labor whether it's driving or driver positions, dock, handyman, manufacturing, construction, truck unloading or assembling. I worked for a furniture company for over 16 years and a couple of months ago they laid me off.
I have four years experience of consumer service and three years experience of case management.  I have experience working with children and individuals with mental health diagnosis and intellectual disabilities.
I am a construction Manager consistently involved in all facets of Demolition and Building Construction.
I was a cook for 20 years and then a driver for five years, but I have not worked in over a year.
I work for the School District of Philadelphia in the morning to afternoon.
I have been in sales 25 years, the past 10 years was inside sales, handling inbound calls, as well calling active customers, up-selling, cold calling of dialers. I was an inside sales supervisor and trained new sales people.
I have 39 years experience in Apartment and Home Maintenance and Renovations. I am experienced in the following: Appliances, Boilers, HVAC, Carpentry, Cabinetry, Electrical, Drywall, Flooring, Tiling, snow removal, and more. I am experienced in Garden, Mid-rise and Hi-rise Buildings.
I am seeking a position in a Physician's office, Hospital or Clinical Laboratory where I will be able to utilize my skills as a Certified Medical Assistant.
I have spent over 25 years successfully managing people and businesses. I possess a multifaceted background in apartment management/leasing, real estate sales/appraising, customer service, CSR call center supervisor/quality control, training, marketing, and recruiting.
I have 5 years work experience in finance, administration and warehouse logistic.
I have designed, populated, maintained spreadsheets and created actionable dashboards to accomplish multiple tasks.
I'm great with children, I can do babysitting, housekeeping or small jobs like yard work or organizing.
I am a mature, responsible, retired letter carrier seeking part time employment for approximately 20 hours per week.
Previously, I worked for the School District of Philadelphia, but was laid off due to budget cuts, and have now decided to pursue other interests.
I have a Bachelor of Science degree in Early Childhood Education. Previously, I have worked with three, four, and five year old children at a child development/learning center. Also, I have volunteered my services at various preschools and elementary schools, including special education. In addition, I have been employed by the School District of Philadelphia as a classroom assistant, supportive services assistant, and ESOL tutor.
I am a senior in high school at Valley Forge Military Academy and have had countless hours of training in leadership, time management, responsibility, discipline and maturity. I have worked as a ski instructor, coaching a group of 8-9 year old girls for the past 3 years. I also worked as a housekeeper, or what I like to call a "role model", for a family of 4 young boys over the summer.
We have been cleaning for 20 or more years, from house, apartments, offices, after party events, from one room on up to clean-outs and move-ins.
My name is Lana, and I have been experienced in pet care for over 5 years. I have worked in numerous pet stores, grooming facilities, animal shelters, and even attended Animal Behavior College to acquire certification in Veterinary Assistance.
I am an accounting professional with over 25 years of progressive accounting experience. I have recently held positions for 3 Real Estate and Construction entities. Prior to that, I have extensive public accounting experience.
I have much experience in helping young men with various issues. I have worked with and helped young people for over 35 years.
I’m a recent graduate certified in special effects and beauty makeup artistry, looking to gain experience and build my portfolio.
I have 3 years experience as a dishwasher and I can provide a resume. Besides dishwashing I have some knife skills, along with some basic grilling, baking, and frying skills.
I do all types of jobs: home remodeling, building, painting, plumbing, carpentry, roofing, anything: you name it. 
Over the past six years I have excelled at being a caregiver for an elderly gentleman. I have worked in construction, as well as in the banking and insurance industries.
I also have administrative experience and told I'm very good at handling business affairs and running an office.
I'm currently a Professional Organizer and Personal Assistant.
I have experience watching children for ten years with three different families, and helped in nurseries at churches. I have experience in watching infants through ten years old. In my senior year of High School I helped in a kindergarten class as a assistant teacher.
I have experience in cashier, vending, stocking, clerical work, telecommunications, etc., so I have a variety of skills.
I do house work, filing, organizing, babysitting etc. I am now working as a Property Manager in the King of Prussia Area. I have great experience in the past in Babysitting (I was a nanny for 8 years), household work/cleaning, filing, and organizing.
I have 15 years of extensive footwear Management/sales experience.
Hello my name is Janai (Jenny), I am 20 years old, and live near in Philadelphia Center city area. I am a housekeeper, nanny, and babysitter.
I used to clean homes for about 3 years so I have a lot of experience. 
After 28 years of Marriage my wife left me, says she needs time to figure things out.  I thought up until about 2 years ago we had a good marriage, when she informed me about 10 years earlier she had a 2 year affair with a coworker who lived in another town. She then told me she recently had a one night affair with another coworker and was regretful for that one.
I've been in a 23 year marriage that folded, with communications that went down to nothing the last 7 or 8 years. I've been in a 7-year relationship where I've known about her cheating with two others .
I adore everything about her. I know she likes me as well. She told me she liked me when I tried to date her, and even now she gives hints like "sounds tempting, to try you" and flirts like that.
I work as a firefighter and am scheduled to return to duty for a 34 hr shift tomorrow. I accidentally killed my best friend when I was 17. For 20 years I tried to destroy myself and was unsuccessful.
I have a Bachelor of Science degree in Early Childhood Education.
I am currently the assistant general manager for a successful and profitable company that continues to make money in a time where many other companies in the industry are losing it and closing their doors.
I specialize in indoor mural painting, smaller furniture embellishments, illustrations, and outdoor farm murals.
I'm a website designer and digital marketer with over seven years of experience.
I've been a teacher aide and Assistant since 2004 and also was working as a Home Health Aide in New York.
I have over 20 years cooking experience and I am a graduate of J&W University, although my degree from the school of hard knocks is much more valuable to me. I was also a cook in the United States Navy and I have held every position imaginable in the restaurant business.
I am a college educated man seeking personal assistant jobs.
I currently have a full time job as a maintenance worker at Start Recovery treatment center.
I graduated with a BA in Graphic Design from Moravian College in May of 2013.
I have a bachelor's degree in business administration with customer service and food service experience. I am looking for anything right now to make ends meet.
I went from making $90,000 a year over seeing the sales department for a small clothing operation, I drove a new car had my own two bedroom condo and enjoyed life on my own. I married a low life stupid redneck and within 6 months lost everything and now I'm a crack head living on the streets with a redneck husband.
I fell in love with you that night, and I can't stop thinking about you and that night.
My supposedly straight neighbor fucks the shit out of me at least once a week. He waits for his wife to leave for work, then he'll text me if I'm free and before you know it he's at the back gate waiting to come inside.
I'm a supervisor at a major retail store and everyday I steal one piece of clothing: from jackets, to shoes, dress shirts, ties, belts, I've taken it all.
I gave my co-worker a ride home the other day and she accidently left her new i-phone 5 on the passenger seat of my car. I sold her phone for $300.
I’ve been paying this smoking hot Latina high school senior $100 a week for sex.
I will do anything for a million dollars, including cutting off a finger on live TV.
I graduated from USC three years ago, and the only jobs I've been able to find is temp work (only up to two months at a time and minimum wage) and catering gigs. I am up to my eyeballs in student loan debt and getting really depressed because I have no clue how I will ever pay it off. I wish I would have gone to a better school but at least I made a few real friends that I will have for life.
I don't want someone to feel sorry for me, I just want some true friends, that don't lie.
I am a graduate of Indiana University school of music and I taught Julliard kids in NYC for 13years.
My husband and I have an 11 year old son, and he has known he is gay since he was 6. I am so glad he is gay like his dads.
I work two full time jobs, and he just sits at home watching TV and playing games on the computer, ALL DAY.
First I would like to say he IS still married to his previous wife, and we've been together for 10 years. Before I knew he was married, it was too late; I was pregnant with my twins.
I've never known true love and I fear I'm called to a destiny that will not allow me to ever know it.
I lost my job but I found a new one. My student loans took the rest of my funds so now I'm hungry and broke.
I am a Civil Engineer and I have worked in the water industry for 36 years.
With an afternoon flight the following day up to the north Colombian Coast, we still had time in the morning to explore the city a little bit more.
Honey, i can't believe how much I miss you and our talks.
I've got a million things to share with you, and I still have plenty of stories to tell you.
I don't care about your current situation, it doesn't matter, just call me, day or night. 
I can be there for you in whatever capacity you want me to be: a shoulder to cry on, an ear to listen to your woes, or just to hear how your day was. This house has been lonely without you, and the shoes I got you are a daily reminder of your absence.
I was getting a divorce decree for my mom, and you were rescheduling your divorce hearing for later in May.
You continue to lie to me and treat me as if I am only here to serve you and support you with the money I make. You need help as you have blamed all of our hardships on me and act like you are justified in cheating on me and lying about it over and over again.
Your gorgeous eyes pierced my heart so now I must reach out to you via craigslist.
I wanted to say hello but couldn't find the courage over my nerves, but I have been thinking about you constantly. I
I thought we had something that could work if you just had some patience, but then you broke it off.
I love you and always will and you know that. You have moved on and I don't blame you, no one would have hung in there waiting for me to grow some balls.
I'd be devastated if we ever ceased our amazing friendship and our chats, but I'm just as devastated at the thought of never finding another YOU.
I am a straightforward woman who is down on her luck with two children.
I still think about you every night. I miss that sweet kiss of ours.
I miss sucking your dick.
We hooked up for two hours: Unbelievably hot, we both agreed.
I am usually not into guys, but I can make an exception if you like.
We made a date for you to come to my office for a foot worship session. I long to be your foot slave once more, my de
I hope you see this and we can check out why we had such strong instant communication and chemistry. 
You never said goodbye, and I ache.
I think you saw the big lump in my pants.
I am attached but looking for a relationship.
I think we could really enjoy one another but obviously with a lot of discretion.
I have a few tattoos, ten piercings, all in my ears. 
I don't have kids, nor do I ever want them.
I'm a healthcare executive in town who is looking for a friend to dine with.
I'll be waiting and contemplating the day we can re-enact the sex scene from knocked up.
I have two children and live with their father, who has been seeing other people for some time now. 
I'm a great kisser and adventurous in the bedroom, and I want you to be also. I'm also a touchy-feely kind of girl and want someone who is comfortable with being physical.
I am in a long-term relationship, and while it's not the worst relationship, there is something missing.
I haven't had any good sex in a long time, so I want it now!
Honestly I don't have the greatest self esteem; however, I don't have a problem with being seen once I'm comfortable with you.
I’m enjoying my newfound freedom but am lacking the companionship of a man.
I AM NOT A RANDOM FUCK, so please have some respect.
I ended a relationship last year and took a break. I would like to meet somebody new.
At one point, back when I was married, the phone rang in our house: it was "her" the other woman wanting to know where my husband was.
I'm a 30 year old married attractive female in a loveless, sexless, untrustworthy relationship.
I work at a really cool app, have a job and a car, and work as a fitness instructor and a musician-singer on the side.
I don't need someone to complete me, but I miss the touch of a male.
I'm a young male looking to chat with an incestuous couple.
I'm a 45 year old attached man, down to earth, safe and sane, but due to some circumstances not always able to have normal sex with woman.
I'm not too experienced or comfortable with sex.
I am looking for someone to make out with. I'm not looking for a relationship or sex. I am looking for someone that knows how to kiss passionately and lustfully. I am in a relationship and I miss the kissing.
I am a 24 year old full time paralegal.
At the moment I'm not looking for anything more than friendship, but who knows what the future holds.
Is there anyone out there who, like me, is feeling frustrated and empty in their marriage or relationship? Anyway, the fact remains that I'm a 48 year old professional, who at least for now cannot change his situation, but is so frustrated and feeling trapped in a relationship that is void of communication, emotional, and physical intimacy.
I’m a nudist seeking other nudists, male, female, or couples to share the nudist lifestyle.
I’m looking for a special married man that I can start a friendship with and hopefully grow into something more.
I am looking for a female with a nice booty.
I'm tired of feeling unappreciated and unwanted in my current situation, and it sucks having nobody to talk to or share feelings with.
I've always had an attraction to transsexual women and would like to become friends with one on a platonic level.
My relationship with my wife is more text book than fairy tale. Then there's my job which is basically a box that I get to sit in for 8 hours a day.
I am well educated, am a writer and have lots of hobbies though most of all love great and intriguing conversation!
Hello, I am seeking full-time work in the field of labor whether it's driving or driver positions, dock, handyman, manufacturing, construction, truck unloading or assembling. I worked for a furniture company for over 16 years and a couple of months ago they laid me off. If hired, I am always on-time and I don't mind working hard as long as the pay is good. I am not looking for a computer or work from home job so please do not contact me if that is the case, I am looking for labor work or driver positions. If interested please call me at the number below, thanks and look forward to hearing from you!
I am a 37 year old female looking for females who would like to keep in touch with another woman.
I have gotten through 6 hours with no dirty diapers; In no way do I think that this is the end of potty training but I'm still excited enough to post my first ever potty Facebook status!
My daughter, Gwen, is going to Ursinus College in Collegeville PA.
I’m so proud that Laura Long is receiving such praise: She won the James River Writers First Novel contest which I judged a little while back.
In my year at the Norton Island formal, we wore prom dresses, not those hot little waitress numbers.
I am officially a published novelist - LIFE DRAWING launches in the UK today.
I appreciate the Apple store's open-floor design, which does not fence me off from the hallowed area known as the "Genius Bar," though I bear an ailing laptop on which I idiotically poured an entire cup of coffee.
I ate a year old gummy bear that cost me $800 at the dentist to place a crown on the broken tooth.
But really: say it loud: I love Muppets and I'm proud.
My back feels better enough that I find myself asking if it's insane to get a cortisone shot because I'm afraid it's impolite not to after my doctor went to such great trouble to set the thing up.
I have those three words tattooed on the inside of my lip.
I was disguised as an undergraduate.
However, after I received my last direct deposit for work (May, 2010) all my work has been "for free" and I would have it no other way, now.
You know when you ask when the swelling in your face from Prednisone will go down, thinking your doc will say something like 48 hours, and he says 4 to 8 weeks?
I live with my best friend (I’m a guy), and I am in love with her, and she doesn't love me back.
You disappear every few weeks even though you and I have a strictly friends with benefits relationship.
Between the multiple concussions and my bi-polar diagnosis, and stopping my medicines, I hurt you really bad.
I'm looking for someone to go out and do things with and talk with -- like a girlfriend, but no sex.
I'm just a nice person looking for a friend to see now and then, talk to, but I'm only looking for platonic friendship nothing more.
It's been really hard to find genuine, good friends that I can connect with, so I would love to find open minded people who love to be outdoors.
I have a surprise birthday party to go too and I would love to bring a hot date, just please be nice and drop dead gorgeous.
I, apparently, am friends with too many girly girls that don't want to get their hair wet - surprisingly this applies to my guy friends more than you would think.
I’m looking for someone to help get me out of this funk.
I’ve been HIV positive for many years but I’m in great health, and much the wiser for it.
I’m a 28 yr old professional who is looking for people to become friends with to hang out with.
I’m just looking for a single bisexual or lesbian girl to be friends with hang out and just talk about things.
I’m not one of those super girly girl females. and I don’t want one as a friend.
I’m looking for lady that enjoys a bit of naughty texting from time to time.
I am a punk girl who loves music, and I am looking for people who share that liking.
I’m looking for new friends to kick it with; most of my friends have moved out of the area.
The weather is getting nice and I'm done with school (until the fall) and I'm looking for a cool girl to get together with and hangout at the malls, movies, South Street, maybe get on the tennis court, play some video games, or even chill at Penn’s Landing for starters. I do not have any expectations at all, as I'm just looking for a good hangout friend, but finding that is very challenging these days as it seems as though most people have hidden agendas.
I am looking for someone who is down to go anywhere on the weekends or the holidays: to the movies, gun range, a club, anyplace.
I am a fun, energetic girl and my high school friends all moved on and forgot about me.
I am looking for some kind people who want to stop by and visit just so that I don't have to sit alone at home all day.
I need a 420 friend I can chill with and talk to, preferable chubby or big, beautiful woman.
I am not looking for love, but if it comes about eventually we could take it from there.
I’m looking for any single slender females interested in having a church friend this Sunday and possibly in the future. I’m a middle age single slender black guy here looking to get back into church.
It has always been a huge fantasy of mine to film a woman using her hands on me.
Simply put, I'm a submissive male who is happiest serving and doing for a woman.
Recently, I got informed I need to move in a week from where I am to another place, and I recently got laid off so I'm broke and looking to find somewhere to stay or rent that isn't too expensive. Currently I'm working on joining the Army, but signing up and getting the process done takes time, and I need to stay somewhere while everything gets sorted out.
I have found a pattern in the men I have dated recently: They are either emotionally unavailable or complete flakes.
I am also looking for someone who is SINGLE, so married and attached men need not waste their time answering my ad.
I’m a 22 year old black male, who is looking for a female that is looking for a guy that’s going to listen to her and hear her story. I’m a cool laid back guy just like to listen and converse, and I’m looking for any female that want to get stuff off her chest and just talk.
I am looking for someone who would like to go out to dinner maybe during the week, maybe go to flea markets on the weekends, or maybe take a ride down the shore or up the mountains.
I'm currently going through a divorce so right now, so I'm just looking for someone to hang out with and have fun. After my divorce goes through and I've had some time to myself, then I may want something more serious.
I have long black hair, halfway down my back, curvy body, brown eyes, 5'3, and I am looking for someone who is tall, no older than 37 who is able to meet tonight.
I'm a 23 year old white big, beautiful woman, who's looking for a generous gentleman to fulfill his fantasies!
I'm looking for a tall well endowed guy between 25-40 for a long-term friend with benefits relationship, preferably someone I can have fun with in and out of bed.
I'm not looking for a one night stand, but rather someone reliable who wants to regularly meet about 3 times a week. I've spent enough of my life worrying over body image issues and I'm really over it, so I want a guy who will find ALL of me sexy. I don't expect monogamy and I don't want to meet your parents, I don't need to know what you did or how your day went every day, but if you want to hang out in bed watching TV on a lazy Sunday morning or order in and catch a movie once and a while, that would be cool.
I’m looking for a hot country boy to date and possibly have sex with.
I was in a long term relationship that just went sour. I'm looking for someone who is cool and down to earth. I'll tell you this, for the right guy, I can be a freak in the bed. I haven't had sex a little over a year but don't think it's going to happen right away.
I'd love to find a guy who is into me for so much more than just my body but I'm having a hard time doing just that.
I do miss being hugged, little kisses, watching the stars, and just being able to be in the arms of someone who feels the same way.
I am not looking for friends with benefits, but the whole long term relationship.