wToday I'm striving not to reach record levels of crankiness.
When I am having a rough day,  but then go out and see clients, that gets my head around the issues others have and I feel so much better!
Sunday is the best and worst day, my only day off, but that means Monday is coming soon, and I HATE MONDAYS!!!
I’m running into my first brick wall in my whole college experience. Not having a good time.
Far more conspicuous than my father’s religious conviction, was his unhappiness. In my eulogy of him, I described him as “melancholic by nature” and as the word melancholic has a purposefully archaic feel to it, so too do other words that might describe his emotional state: Haunted, Tortured, Tormented. Woven into my earliest memories is the sight of my father, day after day, sitting in our kitchen, an enormous cup of tea steaming by his side, a pipe hanging from his mouth, his head drooped heavy into his hand, looking up to meet my gaze as I approached, rolling his eyes in all too clear pain. Shaken, obviously, by what night had once again delivered unto him.
“I’ve never had a good night’s sleep in my life. I have nightmares, Baby. . .” He would tremble and little, shudder at the memories. “Nightmares so terrible, I won’t tell you what they are.”
And indeed, he never did, but even so, these nightmares of my father’s haunted me. Resisting the nightly descent into the horror of his unconscious being. 
My father had a face that could express a depth of sadness defying measurement. The light brown of his eyes seemed to come from a palette mixed purposefully for the depiction of grief. 
About my twelve-year-old son, should I worry or let this pre-teen drama go? Tonight my guy was up late to complain about "the other kids" at school and how the evil neighbor child (kid really is kind of a disaster) is taking them all in with his deviousness, and they're all going to be sorry, but meantime, my son is very sad because it seems like his friends are walking away! Normal angst, or too much? 
This is going to sound crazy, but I'm going to say it anyway. In the last week, I've seen so many people struggling with suicidal thoughts, or who are dealing with the aftermath of a recent suicide. 
Literally everything has sucked today, besides going to the park with the kids. 
Even though having some kind of emotional breakdown in class was super embarrassing and unnecessary, at least I kept it real. 
Not good: I get tired and depressed .
I longed to see her smile or even hear words of anger that attempting to take your life was not something you should do.
I felt my still tear-stained cheeks and knew that the hours of crying had not helped. Death had called out to me to be his friend and my stupidity had left me still standing on the other side with the living.
In a depressed state I had consumed two bottles of Tylenol and not realized that they were time acting capsules. When I awoke at 2:30 that night one by one were exploding in my stomach without enough punch to finish my life. 
I woke up in a sweat, can't sleep, hate myself. Need to relax but my mind won't stop. Trying to vent here to get some of the pain and sadness out. 
The new year is under way and I feel like it's dragging me along underneath.
I could give in to the fear and stay home. I could avoid it altogether.
I had Depression in control until last year when my marriage crumbled. Some days are worse than others, and I haven't experienced suicidal thoughts in a few weeks, or suicidal ideation in months.
Nine months later and I'm still traumatized. I have never been so lonely and miserable in my life.
I am still severely depressed (and getting worse...again), so I know that affects me, but even when severely depressed I usually am at least a bit creative.
I feel angry, because my memory problems are REAL. It is also making me feel even more depressed and anxious, I feel stupid and slow. 
I have constant negative thoughts, racing and going around and around and around incessantly all day. It is to the point that the only thing I look forward to is taking my sleeping medication so I can stop the thoughts.
I am angry with myself for losing track and control of my life. I understand I have a mental illness, but on some, deeper, more important level I think I am in denial that an illness has made me this way. 
I want to die. I know I have talked about having suicidal thoughts before, but I feel intensely uncomfortable discussing the details and the depths to which these thoughts engulf me. I feel ashamed for having suicidal thoughts, but I need someone to tell them to.
I really hate myself for the disappointment I have been. I am ashamed and feel like I am all alone in this problem. But I feel like crap lots of days. 
Recently I started suffering from panic attacks and anxiety at work. On Monday, after fleeing work due to an extreme panic attack, I ended up at the doctors sobbing and hyperventilating. I am scared, frightened, ashamed, and could kill for a glass of red wine!
I've been feeling really down in the dumps and my usual ways of coping just are not as effective. My heart is just not really into things anymore. I'm trying not to make my struggle my identity. It’s weird how with life and love can be really good one moment (beautiful and worth waking up happy for every morning) and really bad the next.
Even now I feel the hot breath of insanity luring me outside, towards Union Square, towards Times Square, towards that nexus that is The City.
 I'm a horrible person and I have no luck or blessing ever coming my way. I have people who actually care for me and I don't know how to reach out. I’ve been screwed up for so long. that I can't trust anyone. The thing is I want to be a part of something special and when I try I do everything to destroy that special thing. I'm looking for a way to be a better person, maybe for some true friends that understand me. I’m withdrawn from everything and everyone. I could point to a bunch of excuses for why I am the way I am but why? It’s me, I'm just not cut out for this life. I’m not suicidal, not at all. I’m actually going to get up each day and try again. This darkness has to stop, because I keep meeting and chasing away the wrong people. 
That hurt so much, I didn't show it but later when I was alone in my room I started crying. My husband said he doesn't think she meant to hurt me.
She made me feel SO stupid. I so desperately want to feel that feeling that I have parents who unconditionally love me. How pathetic am I?
You can never fill in that missing piece in your heart for your parents. Nobody can replace that hole, not even the nicest person alive. All you can do is cover it up, and move on with what life brings you.
Like what is so wrong with me that he doesn't love me or accept me? The rejection from him has led me to low self esteem and feelings of depression.
I’m feeling really depressed and overwhelmed with everything. 
I apologize for complaining/whining so much. I just feel so sick and depressed, I really don't know how much longer I can handle this. I see a therapist 2x/week, do group therapy 1x/week, and see my psychiatrist every 2 weeks. That has helped me manage things and keep my head above water most days.
The past two years have been pretty rough when it comes to me and my depression. I just have no feelings toward anything. I was having a lot of anxiety, nervousness, and I couldn't afford it. I was very lonely and had no friends my freshman year, and my cousin was murdered. So when my sophomore year started I was worried about having no friends, something terrible happening to one of my family members while I was gone, and just being miserable and alone like before. I couldn't sleep, all I did was worry, so I just came home.
I've been seeing a therapist, but she really isn't helping. She's been doing some brain thing trying to get both sides to react or something trying to fix me.
When I'm down, the last thing I want to do is anything that might upset the fragile hold I have on my mood, and that includes doing stuff that might potentially make me feel better.
Ah depression, the perfect perpetual non-motion machine.
I suffered from depression for years and would never think of taking a drug for it, but finally I'd come to the end of my rope, realizing I needed to do something or my life was just feeling hopeless. 
Short and simple, depression hit at a young age and i never recovered, it escalated into drug addiction and severe behavioral problems. 
In the mist of narcotic addiction and suicidal ideation I obtained a Lexapro prescription, figured I owed it to my friends and family to at least try and get help before I hung myself. 
I've always had this underlying mild depression like a black cloud was over my head all the time kind of feeling - even when things were going well. Well, after a rough breakup this year and the 2 year anniversary of 2 losses in my family, I'm just at the end of my rope and my depression was triggered and became severe.
I felt that my sadness, when it came, not every day all day like depression, was appropriate, and was actually glad finally to be able to grieve my dead husband and son, as well as the loss of another loved one. However, as the days have grown short and gray, the real, deep depression with thoughts that I'd be better off dead have returned full force.
I'm so tired of feeling like this. I wish I could end it all. I don't even have the courage for that. 
I'm alone on Easter; this has to be the worse day ever.
I still love you, and I miss your face. There will always be a piece of me that smiles when I think about you, Daddy, and I enjoy that feeling! Still, there is a piece of my heart that will forever belong to you and anytime I need to smile and reminisce on you and I, I go to that happy place and just breathe.
I can't sleep and nothing could prevent this storm front closing it. I hate battling depression.
Darkness, pain, racing thoughts and I all coexist in one single volume of a person. Each new day is a struggle that I refuse to take as a defeat or totally surrender to.
I feel blue today. I think it is due to lack of sleep and always feeling so sick physically. My mental health fluctuates, the fatigue and delirium are always there to some extent and the difficulty in accessing treatment is frustrating and despairing. There are so many things I harness all my energy and intention into achieving and my mind and body still fall short.
I have been depressed for the past 5 odd years (insomnia being my main problem) and it made sense to me! I have had some really serious illnesses and health issues (2 open-heart surgeries, etc.) and was given Anti-depressants for this! I had a traumatic sexual abuse experiences when I was 8 and again at 16! In the past 2 weeks I've been having thoughts of self-harming. I am in trouble and without meds and know that I have self-destructive thoughts and it is everywhere!
I am going to need intensive counseling to deal with hurt of my past and unsolved trauma from life-threatening medical things that I had to deal with.
I just came of Paxil 60mg, and am on day three of taking Zoloft 100mg, and I feel like I am losing my mind literally. I am not having any thoughts out of the normal but my mind feels so spaced out and weird it's unreal. I don’t feel like I am outside of my body looking in, but I just feel like every thought and action is being judged by myself and nothing is running smooth. I had an anxiety attack today for only the 4th time in my life today.
No matter how much I try to tell myself this is the reason, the thought just doesn’t connect, and I thought I was going to lose it yesterday. I had a migraine, I think, and my anxiety went nuts. I get freaked out on back roads now, because if I have anxiety, I'm worried nobody will come by for a while. Stupid I know, but a lot of my anxiety happens in the car. I am constantly questioning myself and am in a state of constant unease which is horrible.
All the hell we go through on earth, I'm hoping there will be a day that seems like heaven.
I am paying for it with the very vivid dreams and nightmares, and the feeling of being spaced out, but to be fair, I think I had that anyway from the anxiety.  I will be so much more grateful for life if I ever get through this.
The last few months have been tough though and I'm really struggling right now.
I've struggled over the past 2 years and things have come to a head recently as I've had to make the decision to leave my job and look for something less taxing. I know it's the right decision to make but it scares me so much. I don't want to be unemployed, so I'm really trying to look for something and I know I have good qualifications behind me to back me up in trying to get something, but what if I can't? Also, the idea of leaving a familiar workplace and starting somewhere new is terrifying. I'm really struggling with feeling like I've messed everything up and that no one will want me. I feel like a failure as I'm giving up on a career that is all I've ever considered but I just can't do it anymore. 
I'm really trying to think of it as a positive move as in some ways. I do feel I have a lot to offer a workplace but my self-esteem is so low I have trouble actually reaching my potential. Quite often,  I find it difficult to cope with doing things around people I don't know. I just doubt myself constantly and worry way too much about what other people think of me.
Everything in my life that I perceived as my "identity" was being lost, consistently, aggressively.
But I can relate to isolating one's self because I do it too. I isolate myself in part because I prefer solitude. But at the same time, I've seen it bring me to dark, deep places if I don't have at least a modicum of social connection.
I know continuing where I am isn't helpful to me, and it's having a negative effect on me physically and mentally, so I need to get out. But as soon as I'd made the leap and handed in my notice, the fear crept up massively. It occurred to me that while being where I am isn't entirely helpful, the familiarity of the place (having been there 8 years) is comfortable and scary to give up.  I recognize that leaving the familiar and entering something new is scary on some level for anyone. However, given my social anxiety and general lack of self-esteem it's especially difficult.
It's the holidays at the moment, and isolating myself is not helping, I suppose , as I've got too much time to think and am feeling a little lost and a little alone and very much a failure. I suppose if I’m lucky enough to get a job soon for the next academic year, I'll feel better as it'll mean I have something to focus on. At the moment, the uncertainty is what makes me so scared. I see a therapist, but to be quite honest, I'm useless at the whole therapy thing, too,  struggling to change what needs to be changed about myself.
I don't believe I'm very good at anything really. All that goes through my head is that I'm useless, I'm no good at things and I mess everything up. I find it really confusing that other people don't see me the same way that I do. I do recognize that I have some good qualities, but I really just don't like myself. I don't like the way I look. I feel awkward and ugly. I feel fat sometimes. My therapist told me to look at the size clothes I wear as that should tell me something but it doesn't help. I'm bigger than I was, and I don't like it. I feel very self-conscious a lot of the time. I look at parts of my body and see them as massive and obsess over getting certain aspects of myself perfect. I find looking at myself in the mirror or in pictures really hard, it makes me uncomfortable. How much of what I feel is normal? I often feel so useless and pathetic struggling to cope with things other people seem to find easy.
Does anyone every feel like you have no emotion left? After a couple of days of Anxiety, I just feel like nothing. Of course, I'm not coldhearted, and I have feelings. I care about people, and I love my daughter. I just kind of feel empty, blank.  It’s hard to explain in a way, because it's almost like I want to cry and just let it all out. I would also like to scream, but can't. Some days I am happy but feel like I can't even laugh, like really laugh. I just feel like this Anxiety is ruining me and making me distant from who I really am.
I find that when I feel, like I don't really feel that much, I feel frustrated, maybe, because actually I am quite an emotional person, and like to feel something. Though if my anxiety is heavy and it lifts, I don't know what to feel.
I like emotion. I guess I would get good feelings from talking to people who understand me, and people who have similar interests, which inspire me, or watching a film and gently testing my knowledge by doing crossword puzzles. I am one of these people that like to feel productive, so these things help me, and make me feel kind of good about myself.
I don't have anxiety over long periods of time, any anxiousness I have, is usually situational, to do with particular things.
It just seems like some days I have no emotions. Although last night, I was looking at pictures of my daughter when she was little and cried, finally, it seems like I have needed to just break down. I haven't broken down crying in a long time.
I have been like that's for a couple of years that same feeling of wanting to cry or feeling like I need too and can't, I also suppress my tears if I feel like I will cry in front of people, but since I have trouble releasing the emotion it's not that's often.. It really frustrates me, I think some of my anxiety and panic attacks do come from my emotions building up.
I cannot bear to think of anything suffering or dying. I cannot bear to watch any nature programs, because a glimpse of a Whale or an elephant reminds me of how much suffering there is in this world! I have three dogs and my anxiety levels regarding them is now ridiculous.
Sometimes I think there is so much suffering in the world that I can’t bear it, therefore I don't watch much television, as usually it’s all bad news. I also feel very bad that these feeling are mainly directed towards insects and animals and not humans. Since that time sometimes whenever I have felt myself relaxed and happy, thoughts of that email crop into my mind, and I have to wrestle with it and put it to the back of my mind, but it’s always there, something that I know could make me feel terrible if I let it in.
Finally if I am in company and someone mentions something unpleasant regarding animals, I either have to get up and leave, or I put my fingers in my ears, which makes me look crazy, but I have to protect myself, as they will all go home and have completely forgotten the conversation whilst I am left mulling it all over and feeling upset.
I think I would feel silly discussing this with a therapist, because I don't think on the scale of things it’s that serious, in comparison to other fears and phobias, but there is no doubt it does bother me from time to time.
So I'm doing well, a couple of panic attacks that I was able to handle. Then the days when I got depressed when I had nothing to do in spring break. What has me worried is when I went to the doctor for a checkup.
My anxiety is more psychological than physical because while told me I look better, I did not feel well, because I felt anxious or depressed that day.
I thought I was having unmanageable anxiety symptoms until I took that crap and I felt like I was going to jump out of my skin! Also the things that were stressing me out so bad leveled out or I adjusted to it or I found new coping methods. 
With my anxiety I have come down with a fear of something happening to me during my sleep, and find it very hard to settle at night.
I would wake up and my mind would launch into anxiety mode before I even got out of bed.  I would sometimes cry while still in bed from the feeling.
Sleep to me was the only time I would feel any peace. 
In the morning I would wake up feeling relaxed and calm, but within 30 minutes or so as I started to shower and go through my morning routine, all the anxiety would rush back in. I concluded it was because I was starting to over think things and worry again.
In fact, the panic was so bad that it would instantly "drain" all the rest that I had and would make me feel like I never went to bed at all. 
I also experience physical anxiety feelings the minute I wake up Usually, when I get up and start my day (taking a shower etc) these physical feelings ease up, but then the anxious feelings often kick in. I often have feelings of physical anxiety when I get into bed at night too.
I have being suffering for over a year with this depression anxiety issue. My anxiety attacks seem to last all day and night, and I don't know how to deal with it.
I'm so depressed today. All I have is hatred in my heart.  I don't want to permanently hate and be full of anger, bile and spew. I'm just broken. I've got nothing but toxicity and rage in my heart, absolute burning rage. I'm sick to death; one of these days I'm scared I'm going to lose whatever thin hold on sanity I've got. I'm just scared and all alone.
I know deep down I have always despised my dad ever since I was a child: I longed for him to go away forever. Most children love their fathers and would be devastated if they left; I have spent mine quietly (and occasionally not so quietly) loathing mine.
I am depressed and anxious, too. I feel as if I cannot trust my boyfriend to look out for me. If I had a problem, I feel as if he wouldn't help me. I feel anxious to tell him what's going on, because he puts enormous pressure on me. He is angry I have not gotten a full-time job yet.
It makes me feel awful about myself, and it's not fair.
Easter puts a smile on my face and I love to see the little kids in the stores so excited looking at the chocolate bunnies, baskets etc!
I’m scared, worried and don’t know what to do.
My son is having such a hard time adjusting to this move. He cries every day before school and doesn’t want to go.  He says that he hates it here and wants to move back home.
Once again, my very annoying cousin has gotten under my skin. I don't know why my relatives feel that they are entitled to ask me very personal and inappropriate questions. Grrrrrr, I wish she would leave me alone.
I feel an enormous amount of guilt for being depressed and stressed over these issues. I wish I could have held onto that feeling of "I can do anything now!" post surgery. I have felt the potential tragic outcome of my situation and I'm on the other side now - why can't I just embrace life a little more fully? I really feel like I can't vent about these things to friends and family - I fear I will look ungrateful - it has been a very lonely process.
I suffer from depression for my entire life (I'm 55). I just went through some traumatic stuff and now I am back on Prozac, and I'm having anxiety attacks and worrying about things.
I’m not doing well today. I’m feeling hopeless about life. I’m very depressed.
I just feel alone.
I saw my doctor today and just cried the whole time. I need a full-time job, and the anxiety of not finding one is paralyzing me with such fear. I feel like nobody wants me because of my age (55). I'm at my wits end, and just want to sleep.
I want to die. I really think there is no hope for me. I am feeling left out today. I never realized how much envy I had until today. How come I never really achieve true happiness or any for that matter? 
I can't help but have resentment towards both my parents. I don't see either of them as my parents.   I love you daddy, wish you were here. 
Man, did that hurt. I just miss her so much. It’s so painful to see my husband and his sister with their mom. I thought I was done hurting from losing her. I don't think I will ever stop hurting from her loss. 
I am a very moody person though, with a lot of anger for various reasons. I don't take it out on him, but I am usually yelling about something.
Even just hearing him and his siblings call their parents "mom & dad" will hurt because I miss that.
I'll be laughing my head off one moment and then remember something similar to this thing, something like a flashback, and I'll be as mad as a volcano. 
I rarely cry now. I just got used to not showing anything to the real world, I guess. I started showing my own natural emotions towards people that are quite close to me. Now, I still don't really cry much other than when I'm alone but if it's with someone, no matter how close they are to me, I'd still never show. Although now, I can't really control my own emotions, which is weird. I'd be so angry, yet I'm laughing until I can't breathe and within a few seconds, I'd be so mad, I'd just storm off. As long as I don't feel so cramped inside, I don't care. 
I love my step granddad. I wish I could just go back in time and say I love you to him for the first time. When I remember our last moment, I'm actually very happy about it. I'd tell him I miss him and just like that, I'd feel very peaceful, like a bird in the beautiful blue sky. 
I try so hard to not laugh about it but sometimes I just can't help it. Yeah, pretty much the only time I cry is when I'm alone, too. If I start crying while around my husband, I'll turn around so he can't see that I'm crying. He always tells me it's stupid to feel I'm being weak by crying. Whenever I do cry in front of others, I'll feel ashamed and embarrassed, too.
I'm deeply depressed, actually feeling suicidal, and my throat hurts so much, that I have to force myself to swallow my saliva. Lately, I'm having these kinds of moods, and I feel I can't take it anymore. After that, I was just mad, furious, that I finally opened up to someone, but the feeling wasn't reciprocal.
Getting back to my stupid attacks: My mind gets cloudy; I feel this ultimate weakness in my body; I can't swallow; I have heavy breathing and thoughts like "I could end it all now and I'd be fine with it.” I go to the university where I'm just ecstatic, and by the time I arrive home, or after a while I become so depressed.
I realized that around people, I fake happiness very well. I think part of my depression is also the fact that as I recognize the small victories, I realize what a freaking idiot I was my entire marriage.
I've dealt with depression for years and years. Most people who know me would never guess I suffer from depression.  I am a happy person. BUT when I get depressed I feel like a different person, and I can't even remember being happy. I cry all day. I can't stand it. I feel like I either want to rip my face off or just go to sleep.
Bad thoughts don’t bother me anymore because I’m getting better at focusing in happy thoughts.
Bad family and bad people are far, far away from me, and it feels good.
My boyfriend and dog put a smile in my face every time I look at them, and sometimes I feel happy.
I've been a funk today. I always seem to get this way when my birthday approaches. I guess I feel like I'm getting older but feel like a failure for not accomplishing the things I want.
I’m feeling a little antsy. I will not be on even ground again until all this nonsense is past.
I’m very heart broken. That would break my mom’s heart though, so here I stay broken hearted.
I’m still a bit let down but it is getting better.
Today and tonight has been worse than any day I can remember. I am emotionally drained and just plain wrecked.
The world is open and bright, but I am shut down and dark inside. 
I can't deal with this. I love him too much to be away from him. I know he needs space but I don't know how I can deal with being apart from him. I feel betrayed in a way. I'm completely terrified to give him the space he needs because I'm afraid his feelings for me will change. I don't know if I should keep my hopes up and just wait for him, or if I should just suffer everything now and prevent the pain that will come next.  I can't stop crying all day. I love him so much that I can't lose him, I just can't.
When I'm depressed I have to be by myself a lot, it is just too painful most of the time.
My brain knows exactly what I need to do, but then my emotions kick in and all of my fears come and destroy me. I’m still feeling terrified he will not want to go back with me but like you said the only thing to do now is wait. I am choosing to give this another opportunity even though I am absolutely terrified. I hope I can cope with this.
I feel exhausted. I feel that life is too tough. Nothing seems pleasurable to me the last few weeks. 
By choosing not to feel pain, I feel like I am protecting myself. I don't feel like crying any longer. It did help a bit putting all the hurtful and painful and angry feelings down on paper:  how mad I am at hurt for the hateful things she said in an e-mail to me that she also sent to my Mom and brother. It is totally inexcusable and I will not be able to forgive her.
What she said to me was inexcusable and hurt me deeper than I can say. I am trying more journaling to talk to myself and trying to think positive. I hope I wake up in the morning feeling better.
Today I am really struggling. All I want is to be alone and down. I don't even have the want or desire to feel happy. I don't feel like anyone in my life understands what I am going thru. I feel somewhat abandoned by life. I'm typically a quiet person and a loner on top of that but feel like I really just want to curl up in a ball on my couch and not face life at all today. I feel like I'm not getting anything I want out of life, no matter how hard I try. I’m just not sure how to get past this and move on. I have been feeling really, really, really alone the past few weeks.
I'm married, have two grown daughters and sometimes I just have to be alone, they all very extroverted, I'm not.
I walk my dog even when I'm really upset, always feel better afterwards. Honestly I really have to push myself at times but as mentioned before, I know I'll only feel worse if I don't.
I feel better knowing I have people I can talk to here who understand the depression and wanting to be alone. So, I'm alone most of the time which I don't know if that is part of why I feel so down or not. I don't have things going on in my life to talk about and no kids to talk about or anything like that, so just felt like a real outsider even with my family. I feel somewhat betrayed by my family I think as well today for not being on MY side. Now that I type it out, I think that is a large part of what is going on that I cannot tell my family how betrayed I feel and have no one else to talk to. Dang family stuff stinks sometimes and so does this depression. I am spiraling down and don't feel like I have any control over it or any control over my life. I am feeling abandoned and alone.
I guess I will have to struggle along on my own since I don't feel I can talk to my family. I know they care but just don't want them worrying about me, and would not completely understand about my sister-in-law and me. 
I'm divorced with no children and I feel so alone at times. I have good friends but I can't burden them with my depression so I try to pray for peace within me and I walk my dogs.
I was angry with my wider family for not appearing to give a darn about my disease. 
All my loneliness has come back as well. I think it plays a big part in my depression, because what do I have? I'm still living at home with my elderly parents: I can't even stand my dad.
 I feel like I have been spending my entire life doing that: I'm extremely sensitive to rejection, but I think life made me that way to be honest. Anyway, I try not to inflict my neediness onto other people and mostly succeed, apart from occasional failures.
I've been feeling depressed a lot lately, especially as my birthday approaches. I don't know if it is my depression or the fact that I really don't want to be around any one. I try to make an effort to get out and be with friends. Isn't family suppose to be a positive attribute in your life instead of a downer? I'm very close with my immediate family, who I love very much, but most of my extended family I have no problems writing off.
I'm just probably getting depressed again. My life feels empty, nothing good happening in my personal life or career, so just don't want to be around anyone. 