I'm super germy with a bad cold.
You may think the flu has zapped all my brain function.
When I have the flu, I use neti pot for nasal washes. 
I have the flu. Isn't that what social media is for, to tell you I have the flu? 
So, the really not good news is that my daughter’s knee seems to be seriously damaged by her Lyme Disease arthritis. 
She popped her knee doing three triple back walkovers in a row, and has never been the same. She'll have to get an operation, once she stops growing. She quit gymnastics after a year of physical therapy. 
I’m still waiting for the final doctor's OK to go home.
Back in the hospital with T10 fracture. MRI scheduled, kyphoplasty tomorrow, home Tuesday. 
The disease that got him in the end was a rare form of skin cancer that itself carried a whiff of myth to it, a cautionary tale about the futility of outrunning one’s own history. 
The cancer appeared as he passed eighty, first on his nose, barely noticeable. But those small patches grew, devouring his skin, ultimately causing the disintegration of that feature, and indeed much of his face, working its way through him like a singularly malicious curse – though the true origin was x-ray treatments he had received for acne, given in the late 1920’s or early 30’s.
I have had four back operations beginning in early 1982, including two conventional laminectomies, for ruptured discs. (
I was given Percodan (aspirin + oxycodone) with the first one, Percocet (acetominophen + oxcyocodone) with the last. There was no comparison: Percodan was better. During a subsequent experience with bone surgery, I asked for Percodan. The prescribing doctor's hand hesitated, and then he looked at me sharply, and prescribed Vicodin.
Took myself to physical therapy today when my plans for help fell through.
The least exertion (like loading or unloading the dishwasher) gets me so out of breath and my knees start shaking and I have to go sit down. I have barely enough strength and energy to take care of the basics of living at home. I know it takes time to get strength back but I didn't have much strength even before all this.  My afibrillation acts up and makes me feel weaker. I just wonder if I will be able to get back to my responsibilities without jeopardizing my health.
I have almost no energy and add in having to maneuver a walker around - I am exhausted. 
My last inpatient physical therapy session done! 
 Of course I am trying to wean myself off the pain meds and didn't sleep well last night, so that didn't help. 
The weird thing is my pelvis and sacrum don't bother me much anymore, but I pulled a muscle in my side a couple of weeks ago, and it really hurts.
I’m sitting up in the chair for the third time today and relatively pain free! At least it doesn't feel like my tailbone is drilling into the chair.
Once again I have self-cardioverted. My heart went back into normal rhythm on its own.
Surgery went well. I went back into afib before surgery due to emotional stress caused by sons then heart rate got to 180 due to same stress. Now in cardiac stepdown, on Cardizem drip. 
It was the Flecainide making me feel so bad. Still get tired pretty easy, but at least my head no longer weighs three times normal!
I can't believe I went so long feeling like crap and not even realizing how crappy I felt. I still don't feel real strong but maybe now I stand a chance of exercise helping me get stronger. I haven't been able to walk around the block for a long time without stopping several times to catch my breath and being absolutely exhausted by the time I get back home. 
Well, I took my boot off, walked to the bathroom with my walker but putting a fair amount of weight on my leg and it wasn't horrible! Got a shower, took pain pills and now in bed. I’m going to leave my boot off and try it without the walker tomorrow.
My poor boy is so sick tonight. One bad virus!
When talking to Tim yesterday and discussing the ongoing repercussions of his motorbike accident, he said that the pain was so bad on Friday, he actually took a painkiller.  Taking a paracetamol or an ibuprofen for us is akin to "giving in" and not holding that bottom lip firm, so this was BIG NEWS.   
So, I have been on a low dose of steroids for a few weeks now and I admit to being a bit alert and witty.   This is not helped at all by the whole constipation thing, which has mucked up the natural rhythms.
The upshot was that I decided to stop taking the steroids over the weekend as Em was coming home.
The pain and the swelling has been almost unmanageable.   I even took a painkiller or two.  I was also totally floored by fatigue - something that hasn't happened up until now.  
I recently found out I have HSV2 which is Herpes .
As you may know I fractured my back and am immobile for about three to four months.
My sister had an adult form of Muscular Dystrophy (Limb/Girdle.)
I did manage to see a neurologist, however. He told me my type of tic disorder was rare, and that I'd probably need to see a specialist. The interesting thing about being told you have a rare condition is that on one hand you feel relief because you now understand why nobody ever knew what the heck was wrong with you, but on the other hand you have that bittersweet feeling of isolation because nobody will ever really know what the heck is wrong with you.
Thanks Caitlin, due to uncontrolled diabetes and high blood pressure for about 20 years, I'm smaller now than in years. What’s the advantage of taking so many pills and trying to be healthy with many other problems? 
I was on Trazodone, Xanax, Lunesta, Ambien and all the others for years until I went and spoke with the psychiatrist at my university. I basically just told him my family has a long history of sleep disorders as well as narcolepsy (I'm also very slightly hypomanic) and that I've been through treatment after treatment for insomnia and none seem to help. I said I was also co-prescribed stimulants which helped me throughout the day, but relying on stims and benzos to make me function wake/sleep was getting to be too much. I started out with him prescribing Temazepam (said I had taken it previously and tolerated it best - I hadn't taken it before), lamictal and abilify. 
Tomorrow AM I go to the specialist dentist to have a front upper tooth removed, then they will clean out the infection in the jaw bone as well as they can, then put in bone graft material and some cadaver bone, sew it shut. Then they will put a fake tooth to cover the hole by bonding it to the teeth on either side. Continue antibiotics for a while. Then in 4 months, do CT scan to check if graft has taken and is strong. My teeth are in poor shape, I'm only 35, and currently need a bunch more work done. Oh, and they will give me pain meds after the surgery which will likely trigger migraines. 
Yesterday I had more testing done for the GI stuff. Basically, I have a really dysfunctional colon and extremely weak and not coordinated muscles due to nerve damage. This all leaves me with severe constipation and bowel incontinence. Those problems, in combination with side effects from meds, cause me to feel really nauseous every single day, so, even when everything else is cooperating, I don't want to do anything because I feel sick. I do take 8mg Zofran several times a day, which helps somewhat.
I have enough medicines to open my own pharmacy (at last count 22 different medicines, some up to 4x/day) and enough specialists and different treatments that I could open my own hospital.
I just got home from the dental procedure. I’m waiting for pain meds from pharmacy. I’m already in significant pain, not horrible, but want to keep on top of it. The infection in my jaw bone was much worse than anticipated (and they knew it would be bad), but they were able to clean it out/get a lot of bad stuff out. Put in the bone graft material and used quite a few sutures to close up the hole. It will be 4 long months before I know if an implant will be possible. Dentist said that with that much bone missing/that bad of an infection, there's a good chance it will not build up enough bone or be strong enough to hold an implant. 
Pain is bad, even with meds (not horrible though, tolerable), feeling very nauseous (from meds), slight migraine starting (narcotics do that to me), mouth is turning purple (they said it would bruise pretty badly), and have to call dentist soon as mouth is still bleeding some, hasn't slowed since I left their office.
I found healing well when my brother was diagnosed with liver failure, chronic hepatitis, chronic cirrosis. Now I am seeing a neurologist had mri of brain that showed white spots, mri of neck/spine and a spinal tap. I have had trouble walking off and on for the last 15 years or so. I have terrible pain in my shoulders and upper arms. I feel off balance ( sometimes "looks like I am drunk" ) memory problems, trouble bathing and dressing myself (takes a lot longer) a lot of other symptoms I have read on here.
My neurologist called me yesterday with some test results. Lupus negative same with thyroid tests. She is ordering a chest x ray and I have a second mri of spine scheduled on May 7th.
I have been experiencing tingles in my face like spiders or ants. I keep twitching from my cheek to above my lip. 
When I first developed my spinal lesion, I would often think my left leg was wet. It would also feel like there was water dripping down my shin.
If I bend my neck forward, I get an electrical tingling sensation in my neck that radiates to my belly in the form of a rumbling vibration and then tingling electrical feelings in my thighs.
I also have loss of sensation in my fingers which started as numbness on my fingertips. I’ve lost a lot of sensation in my fingertips.
The needle is so thin I didn't even feel it go in. I had an intern do mine and he couldn't find the right spot so he kept trying over and over again. Since he was hitting some nerves my legs were twitching as he poked around. Finally a seasoned doctor stepped in and it was over in a couple of minutes.
In goes first Local anesthetic, which stung a bit, then more anesthetic, then REAL PAIN so More anesthetic then a shooting pain down leg and feel nauseous.  I think we got up to 6 anesthetic needles and maybe 10 goes at the lumbar puncture -- not sure as I lost count as I was busy sweating , she kept saying " I keep hitting Bone."
When I told my neurologist about the improvement in my symptoms and how well I was doing while taking the medicine, he did not say too much. I asked if I could take a regular dose all the time, even if it was just a lower amount, but he said that would be dangerous.
What I had was a bacterial infection-Cellulitis.
I am seeing a Neurologist and had a second brain scan, which showed no increase in demyelenization since Oct. My Spinal Tap was negative. Today I saw a MD for a first visit, and went over a lot of medical issues. I got blood drawn for many tests and will be calling for medical records to be sent from the Rheumatologist & Neurologist. If I had to guess what this illness was, I would not have a clue. 
My recent brain scan did not show any new spots. But whatever this illness is it takes up my whole life--I am sick in bed almost every day with aches and fatigue and a very long list of symptoms.
I just received my latest MRI results and I was told I have 1 new lesion, some lesions improved, and some lesions are now undetectable (meaning they healed).
I have had a few lesions heal. One of my spinal lesions is no longer detectable. I am NOT treating symptoms at all. Copaxone doesn't do a thing for my symptoms. It does seem to be helping with healing. I have not had a relapse in more than 4 years.
I take Tysabri for MS and Ambien for sleep. My neuro has prescribed LOTS of other meds, but I always stop them if I don't see results. I take Vitamin D3, calcium, and magnesium supplements.
I don't know if I have MS or not, but I do have many of the symptoms of it. One of the most troubling (besides constant fatigue and heavy-feeling legs) is the diagnosis I've received that explains my severe constipation - my internal anal sphincter (involuntary muscle) is in a constant state of spasm and therefore I cannot have bowel movements without enemas, and even that is getting less effective. I have tried every laxative, prescription med, diet for this, to no avail.   
The most recent colorectal doctor I saw for this said he commonly sees this in people with neurological disorders and that there is nothing I can do about it except to cut the sphincter (that scares me) or have a colostomy (bag on my side to collect waste).  I'm very ill and having all this waste inside me constantly makes me even sicker.
I do have chronic constipation.  I use tons of fiber supplements and all the rest of the usual strategies.  It is from the opposite problem though - slow transit motility (lack of parastaltic muscle contractions in the colon).
I have been taking baclofen for about 10 years. It really does stop the spasm attacks: mine are in my lower legs, spasms so bad they wake me up at night and throw me out of bed.  I know about that vertigo, there have been times I'm standing up and then it’s like I'm falling over and I have to catch myself.
I have been suffering from severe constipation for the past 7 months.  I have not had a single bowel movement during this time.  The numerous laxatives, fiber supplements that I have tried only made the matters worse; the pain increased to the point where I could not function at all.  I have seen a variety of doctors, even went to the Mayo clinic, so severe was the pain; I was and still  am very weak and unable either to work and study for the most part of the day.  The only relief I get is doing three to six water enemas daily but they do not help to evacuate the gas and bulk completely; so I am still left bloating and with dull abdominal pain unable to eat much during the day.  I have just completed the anorectal monametry test and they found that as in your case I have spastic or hypertonic internal anal sphincter.  My gastroenterologist suggested that before cutting into the sphincter we might try to use a botox injection on this muscle first.  This procedure would allow to paralyze the muscle and thus to keep it from contracting even further when it needs to relax.  This may be a temporary solution or it may work for a longer period of time a year or even more and then might need to be repeated but it is something to ask your doctor about if you did not know that such an option exists.  I am having this procedure done this Friday so I can let you know whether it helped me or not.
I have suffered with chronic constipation for 7 years now and have seen at least 9 gastroenterologists.  Recently I had surgery to repair the interior damage that is being done by the constant straining.  After the surgery, I got worse, and it is in constant spasm. Two doctors told me this past week to have a colostomy done in order to get some sort of quality of life back.  I at least want to try botox injections first to try to calm the muscle down.
I take ibupofren for pain because it is an anti inflammatory. I do other exercises to increase abdominal muscle strength.
I am 41 years old and have been suffering recurrent chest infections for the best part of 10 years now.  Over the last 10 years I have experienced 2-4 chest infections every year and it really drives me nuts.  I see a sleep and respiratory physician (I also have sleep apnea). 
Over the last six months my focus has been on some reflux issues that I have experienced for some time.  Based on this I had surgery about 8 weeks ago as there was concern that some of my stomach contents were refluxing into my chest which may be contributing to my recurrent infections.  I did get an infection about a week ago which I am still treating.  This may be as a result of the surgery or residual reflux from pre surgery (I had chest pains on and off since my surgery until the infection presented). One thing I can say that is a positive from the surgery is that breathing through my nose is now clearer than it has ever been, so I guess that is a positive sign.
I have been suffering from hives for 7 months. The only thing that suppressed them was Prednisone, which has many side effects. Well, I am tapering off my second bout of Prednisone (at 15mg now). I also take Allegra, Zyzal, Doxepin 30mg, and Singulair. I still have hives!! About 2 weeks after getting off my first course of Prednisone, the hives came back. Since being back on the Prednisone, my hives never went away. Now that I am tapering the Prednisone, my hives are getting worse. I am NOT going back on prednisone. What else can I do? I am taking so many medications and the hives will not go away. I have been tested for allergies, lupus, celiac, etc. and everything was negative.
I, too, have struggled with "hives" of unknown origin for the past few years, but not to the same extent/severity as you. I've been on Prednisone, and it seems to have little effect on them. I do take Allegra. I'm talking about little red, itchy dots that appear, mostly on my legs, but sometimes my arms too. They are very stubborn, and they seem to SPREAD on my body.
I have suffered Chronic Urticaria and edema all day EVERY DAY for almost 3 years now. I have tried so many of the medications people talk about, have also had allergy testing, have cut out alcohol, chocolate, various other things and to no avail.  But finally I have some good NEWS which I hope will help lots of sufferers of this horrible mystery illness.
My immunologist wanted me to try CYCLOSPORIN, an immune suppressant, two years ago. I had suffered so much that I couldn't take it anymore, so I went to him in April and he informed me that he had SUCCESSFULLY treated many people with Chronic Urticaria and I started taking it. It is now June and I haven't had any rash, welts, swelling, itching, burning, or pain for about 8 weeks.
I have found the cure for hives believe it or not. My story on hives was the worst experience of my life. When i was suffering from hives, I thought I was hopeless especially when summer came and  my hives got worse. I went to the doctor to get an antihistamine, but it did not help me any after a month and a half using it. At this point I thought I had hives for life. I used to get welts on my skin, and it was very bad, and I was in need of help.
I was and still am self-conscious about my body because of the hives. I missed majority of my senior year of high school because my face, throat, hands, feet and body would be covered in massive hives and I would look like I was nearly beaten to death. I wouldn't be able to walk or touch anything. I sometimes had a hard time breathing and eating because my mouth and throat would be swollen. I had been to the emergency room more times that I should at my age. Some days I couldn't see due to swollen eyes. I couldn't stay awake in class from being exhausted from medication and not sleeping well from flare ups. I would cry night after night wondering why this has happened. 
I have discovered that I am low on vitamin D  so I take multivitamins once a day and Vitamin D & antihistamines twice a day. I'm hoping getting healthy will cure my hives.
My daughter seems to be allergic to whatever adhesive they use on band-aids.  But what is weird is that she only has this allergic reaction on her arms.  It actually causes her skin to scab over where the adhesive is.  Now I am starting to have the same reaction but only on my chest. 
I am allergic to almost every type of band-aid. My skin blisters where the adhesive adheres to it. I was in the emergency room due to a severe asthma attack and they of course started an IV. They used one of the clear adhesive rectangles to hold the IV needle in place. When they took it off, I had a blistered area 2 x 3 inches. 
I had my second allergist/immunologist specialty appointment today. I was told that I am extremely allergic to one or more substances. The doctor elected not to do skin testing because she doubts they will find the culprits. 
I had a punch biopsy done and I have 3 stitches on my chest. I get the stitches out next Monday anyway. And my daughter had those plastic band-aids from the doctor’s office put on her arm after having the Gardisil vaccine. 
This is all due to my post nasal drip. I literally have to spit up every 1-5 minutes. Sometimes I'll need to excuse myself just to go to the bathroom to spit it all up. I am unable to talk for long because my voice gets really gargled. I've had this for about 2 years now and it is driving me to the brink of wanting to rip out my throat.
I'll have to ask my doctor on my next visit about acid reflux. I've never felt heartburn or any burning, and none of my doctors have mentioned anything about it.
I have tried a lot of things over the years... nasal irrigation, stomach surgery to correct acid reflux, deviated septum surgery, removal of silver (mercury) fillings and mercury detox, anithistamines and nasal steroid sprays, vitamins.
I find for my own post nasal drip and sinus congestion, that taking a daily dose of fenugreek and thyme helps a lot.
My doctor first thought it was sinusitis and tried me with antibiotics which didn't work. I was then referred to an ENT Specialist who said I had rhinitis and a deviated septum. In November 2013, I had surgery to fix my septum which now helps me breathe slightly better (when my nose isn't blocked, which is very rare). I still have a blocked nose and postnasal drip which is by far the worse of the two. In the mornings before I can even drink or eat I have to cough up thick phleghm and blow my nose god knows how many times. All day long and most of the night I am blowing my nose and clearing my throat. Night is worse as I get little sleep and keep everyone else in my house awake. Clearing my throat so much gives me headaches and sore throats. Last week I saw my ENT specialist, 3 months after surgery. I told him that I had all the same symptoms as before and he said there is nothing they could do. He prescribed me yet another nasal spray, a corticosteroid. As soon as I started using the spray I got a very sore throat and red lumps at the back of my throat. I went to see my doctor, and he said I had oral thrush as the corticosteroid weakens your immune system, meaning an infection in the throat. He prescribed me drops for my throat (which I have finished and still have the sore throat and red lumps). I asked what could be done as I refused to take any more nasal sprays, not only do they make me feel worse than I already feel but they also cost a fortune and I simply refuse to keep paying it. He told me the only other option would be immunotherapy and that I should contact the specialist’s secretary to arrange another appointment.
I was given pain meds by my dentist on Thursday after oral surgery, but I did call my pain clinic ahead of time and they gave me verbal permission to get the prescription from the dentist.  I was in the emergency room in the middle of the night, on a weekend, due to severe abdominal pain and hemorrhagic cystitis. I was given a short course of oxycodone.
I have been battling chronic pain issues for over 25 years.
I really need the pain relief for my mouth.  I deal with the moderate migraines/nausea. My mouth is very, very painful, swollen, and bleeding.
I had a cervical block today with lidocaine. On one of the 3 injections, he hit something and my neck felt on fire and I had pain shoot down my back and my arm. I almost passed out getting up.
I couldn't turn my head and my back, head and now shoulders are in 10x more pain. My neck is swollen (almost 2 inches bigger than the right side). I can barely sit up and barely hold my head up. I am having chills and sweats. I called the doctor, and he had the answering service call me back and told me to come in, in the morning.
I will never have any type of spinal injection, block, or needle biopsy every again! I can't remember exactly what type of spinal injection/blocks I had.  I had tremendous swelling, huge increase in pain, nausea, increased blood pressure, dizziness, and I even got a weird rash. And this is a bit different, but I had an amniocentesis and thought I was dying.
I had six injections in my lower back January 9th of this year. They hit my sciatic nerve and put me in pain for 46 days.
I went to the hospital, and it turns out the doctor bruised the muscle and there is a hematoma in my spine.
I had a cervical steroid injection a few weeks ago (herniated discs, one pressing on the C7 nerve) and straight away got bad back pain, that evening my pain was worse and my left knee/ankle was numb, I was sick to my stomach and had sharp pains in left side of chest. The doctor said nothing to do with the injection!
The day after, my left arm was so painful I could not stand it, shooting pains down in to my middle fingers. My arm goes in between feeling numb and pain, and my arm had not felt that bad before. My neck did finally improve a little but all the side effects are not worth it to me. I also have a rash on my neck. After visiting my doctor a few days ago, I learned my blood pressure is sky high. My arm is killing me all the time.
I had a lumbar injection. I pretty much lost the use of my left leg, and I was on crutches for a good 8-10 months. Also, I had an extreme increase in pain which took quite a while to resolve. I’m pretty sure the doctor hit the sciatic nerve, but the doctor said the loss of leg function and increase in my pain were not caused by the steroid injection.
Ever since I had this done, I've had trouble breathing, shaking, weakness, headache, chills and have vomited a bunch of times.
I said to her if she would cut back on the smoking that her cough might go away: she said, what cough? She is so used to coughing that she doesn't even realize that she is doing it! I won't even mention how black her lungs will probably be in a few more years.
Sept 2013 I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 1. I had a hyper-manic episode.
I have had some really serious illnesses and health issues (2 open-heart surgeries, etc.) and was given Anti-depressants for this!
After 3 days of having tummy aches and not being able to sleep, I decided to consult my doctor, only to be told that I am in a hyper-mania and that I need to start taking these drugs to calm me!
I admitted today, for the first time ever, to myself and Doc, that I have an eating disorder and that my biggest fear is gaining weight on any medication! I'll take 200mg Seroquel tonight and that should settle my anxiety and hyper-mood and I'll get some much needed sleep. Then he and my doctor will brainstorm tomorrow and I'll see him again to find out what treatment plan is and prescribe medication.
The thing was I was advised by a different doctor not so long ago that it is fine to switch those two meds so quick because they belong to the same group but I guess that is not actually the case. I have just taken my 4th Zoloft so far so hopefully they will kick in soon and at least now I have the Dizeapam just in case it overwhelms me.
Among a bevy of health problems, a series of orthopedic issues were skyrocketing, requiring extensive and expensive back to back to back surgeries. I needed help now to go to the bathroom, never mind proper exercise.
The nurse who took my pulse and weight measurement did not say anything wrong about the checkup; neither did my doctor.
Been taking sertraline for 4 days now, and today I feel quite terrible. I feel almost hyper alert, wobbly, like I'm spaced out (watching myself), feelings gone a bit weird like I'm numb, I'm dizzier than normal, cold sweats. I didn't sleep a lot last night, feeling numb.
I have a doctor’s appointment next week to hopefully get some therapy to help with this.
I have had the million dollar workup so my neurologist says. All they can find wrong is two herniated discs in my neck. I get headaches, neck aches, blurred vision, chest tightness, feel like I can’t swallow at times, stomach issues, lower back pain, breathing problems, feeling like I'm dizzy or unsteady.
I have a sinus infection and my allergies are messed up.
The stress made me ill. It made me so ill over the years my Crohn's disease went from extremely mild to the point where I needed a colectomy.
The base of my thumb did not respond to rest, so I saw a doctor about it, and he injected me with cortisol and of course it was much better. The doctor mentioned a crazy surgical procedure involving tendon graft when he confirmed my suspicion that the cartilage was worn away by x-ray images. No MRI necessary, he said. He said the shot would fail and ultimately I would need surgery.
My last mammogram was in 2012. I just recently had one done and it showed a calcification that wasn’t there in 2012. They want to do a stereotactic biopsy with a titanium marker left at the site. Most calcifications are nothing to worry about from what I read, my breast are very dense and hard to read, they said there may be a cluster in another area that they may be concerned about but will keep a watch on it by checking me in 6 months. Should I get a second opinion reading the mammogram results by someone else first before having this done, or wait until my insurance kicks in May 1st and go to a completely different doctor and have another mammogram done, or just get the biopsy and see what type of calcification it is and get a marker and be done with it? I know doctors err on the side of caution, so that doesn’t always mean you got to be a pin cushion each time. There is no history of breast cancer in my family and I have never had problems before with my mammograms.
I found out I need two biopsies. The doctor sees the cluster on the second set of x-rays and want to biopsy those. I was thinking of telling them I will do the biopsy on the clusters, but not on the single micro-calcification. I don’t want surgery twice in two different areas. If the cluster biopsy comes back normal, then I can assume the other one is harmless but will get checked in 6 months for that. It makes more sense to me that way then to have two biopsies in two different locations. I have no history of any breast cancers in my family.
I had had a mastectomy two years prior to that time. 
My mom was diagnosed 8 years ago with a 1-cm lump in her breast and involvement in one lymph node.  She had a mastectomy and underwent chemotherapy.  My mom’s cancer went into complete remission until this recent recurrence. The cancer has now has spread to her lung and bones, causing a fracture in her arm.  
I was diagnosed with Stage IV Breast cancer with Liver metastasis on January 23, 2003. My cancer has been in remission for the past 4 years. I was given 18 months to live by an Oncologist in my state of Ohio over 5 years ago. Thank goodness I didn't accept that as fact. I flew to Longbeach, California and met with a Doctor that was conducting alternative research in Cancer, at Rationale Theraputics. His name is Dr. Robert Nagourney. Five years before my cancer diagnosis, I had suffered Cardiac Arrest and had to have emergency heart bypass surgery. Because of my previous heart condition, chemotherapy was a risky option for me, but not as risky as not doing anything.  
Because my cancer was "Stage IV" and considered "terminal", I didn't have a mastectomy or a lumpectomy. The Doctor opted to keep the breast tumor as a way to monitor the progress of the chemotherapy. For 12 months, I received rounds of various chemotherapy, including Eppirubicin, 5FU, Cisplatin, Carboplatin, Taxotere, Gemzare and the monoclonical Herceptin. After that year, all of my scans came back showing no signs of breast cancer or liver metastasis. I continued to receive a triple dose of Herceptin every 3 weeks for the past 4 1/2 years, up until 5 weeks ago. At that time, it was discovered that my heart has been affected by the chemo. I am now in Congestive Heart Failure and can't receive the Herceptin to hold the cancer at bay, until and only if, my heart gets stronger.
I had a full right side mastectomy in January 2008. I found out that the cancer had spread to my bones. My doctor tried Femera but switched me to Taxol/Avastan chemo with a monthly dose of Zometa. After six treatments, my bone cancer was stable. My doctor wants me to have 6 more treatments since I am doing well on them.
I feel pretty good. I wish my family doctor had found my tumor earlier. The doctor thought it was a cyst, but they were not seeing the whole thing. 
My sister-in-law has just been diagnosed with invasive lobular cancer with bone metastasis. I went with her to the oncologist to hear the results from her PET scan and to find out what course of treatment is planned. I am an 18 yr breast cancer survivor. Mine was invasive ductal cancer with no node involvement at age 35. I had a double mastectomy and 6 months of chemo, due to family history of breast cancer with a 10 year return to bone and liver cancer of my mother.
My sister-in-law is 58 and post menopause. I was surprised that the oncologist wants to wait on her mastectomy. He is starting her on medication: Femaro and Zometa. He said that he would do another bone scan in a few months and would be able check her breast for any changes.