The finest siblings I've ever known. My mother, her brother and sister are pictured here in 2007 and 2011. 
Crazy proud of my little girl, Elizabeth, for being included in this art show.! 
Seeing my mom in less than 24 hours!  I am in great need of some mom time.
Hey Brother John Lentz and Sister Linda Lentz Partida.
Chris and I celebrated our wedding anniversary on Monday (many many joyful years) and returned home to these beautiful flowers from my even more beautiful sister!
My father, Tony Martone, died yesterday evening, 10:45pm, at St. Anne Home in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
My mother would have turned 87 today.
Here with my siblings at my mom's 80th birthday. My mom’s been gone three years ago today, but she's still the voice in my head who laughs, cajoles, accepts. 
Here I am a lifetime ago in Skibbereen, County Cork with cousins on my mother's side.
My brothers Johnny and Sal died too young.
I miss my brother Bobby, and I also wish go back to when we were kids.
My mom and dad are coming to see me tomorrow! I haven't seen my mom since I went into the hospital. 
Several months ago my mom asked me to try to find out what happened to a first cousin of hers. She was the child of my mom's uncle, and her parents divorced when she was very young, and her mother moved with her to Kansas.  My cousin's husband had been trying to get info about her father about ten years ago. After Googling their son's name, I found out where the son worked and his email address was on their website. He forwarded my message to his mom and we spoke today! She and my mom also spoke. Keep in mind that she is 76 and my mom is 83! Her mom would not tell her much about her father, so she is anxious to find out whatever she can about him.
Happy sibling day to my 3 great sisters. Suzanne Allen Cook, Cynthia Allen Yamagiwa, and Carole Austinson.
Suzanne, I just wanted to tell you that my sisters Avie and Edna came and did the food
You know our great-great-grandfather, Richard Henry Lee Wilkinson, is buried in a lone grave in Kenneth Kirkwood’s pasture on the Gold Hill road. 
Richard is my second cousin. He is Uncle Dewey's grandson. 
I love my little brother so much. I love you, Mikey, happy siblings day.
My mother and I are offering our Cleaning Services in the Perkasie, Quakertown areas!
Well, look who their parents and grandparents are.
Audrey Zibelman, mom mom extraordinaire.
We miss you, Dad, and we're grateful for your life, well-lived.
I remember well the day we planted them, one child helped plant one tree--a total of 6 to include all of the then-born cousins.
My nephew, Obio, was selected "Mr. Distinguished Gentleman" at Albany State University!
Needless to say, it was time to introduce her to my parents but in particular my mother who I adore.
My gal didn't pick up on my mother's condescending tone/message. I shut my mouth, dropped my girl off at home (where she lives with her parents) and went out looking for a spirited game of gin.
My mother died when I was in my 30's.  I don't have kids, but I have grandkids through marriage.
It would be great if your dad was totally accepting of you, but in the end you can't control how he behaves towards you.  I don't understand your father's behavior towards you.
I am 40 years old, married 22 years to my wonderful supportive husband, and have a 21 year old daughter.
Tell your mother that she is one of the few people that I care what she thinks of me.
We miss you, Dad, and we're grateful for your life, well-lived.
For something I am writing about my own childless AND motherless narrator in LIFE DRAWING: In the great ridiculous divide between so-called "literary fiction" and all other kinds, I am looking for names of books centrally concerned with motherhood that have jumped across the great hurdle and been deemed "literary." 
Against my Grandfather's wishes, my Mother sent to Catholic School, grade 1 to 3.
Larry, I think you and other brothers and sisters can add photos if you have more of Dad.
Did I mention that my mom is from Lexington, NC? 
 I have finished up morning Easter services with my family. Afterwards I will finish dying my eggs and head over to my grandmother's house where we have an Easter Egg hunt for the kids at noon.
There will always be a piece of me that smiles when I think about you, Daddy, and I enjoy that feeling!
We're a husband and wife team with a sister in law thrown into our mix.
I am thankful for each and every day I get to spend with my daughter.
I care about people, and I love my daughter.
My dad appears to be happy to be a hateful, toxic, empty husk of a man, who's inflicted his nasty personality onto me and my mother for the whole of my life.
I know deep down I have always despised my dad ever since I was a child: I longed for him to go away forever. Most children love their fathers and would be devastated if they left; I have spent mine quietly (and occasionally not so quietly) loathing my father.
I finally went out to my Mom's house and picked up the letter that came for me from my 91 year old aunt, who threw my brother and I out last summer, for cleaning out her fridge.
Easter always reminds me of when my daughters were little and how excited they were to see their Easter baskets!
My sister-in-law has just been diagnosed with invasive lobular cancer w/ bone metastasis. I had a double mastectomy and 6 months of chemo, due to family history of breast cancer with a 10 year return to bone and liver cancer of my mother.
My sister-in-law is 58 and post menopause.
My aunt has sent a card to my mom's for me. My brother called Saturday. She is alone, and we are her only family. My brother has made it clear he is done, and since he does the primary care for my mother. My sister was the one who really checked in on her, and tried to maintain a relationship. I asked my brother at the time if that was like Dad was. I am very much the baby of the family, and do not remember my dad living at home. My memory of him is far different than that of my siblings.
I got a call at noon today from his sister, and my cousin, Joanne! My cousin David passed away this morning at home.
I called my Wisconsin cousin last night to tell him about my Illinois cousin. My cousin who passed yesterday was my step-father’s nephew,  not a blood cousin, but he was closer than some of my blood cousins.    My cousin’s sister did tell me than he was in a lot of pain. I talked to him last in January, and he was so proud that they just had their first great-grandchild. 
Once again, my very annoying cousin has gotten under my skin. I don't know why my relatives feel that they are entitled to ask me very personal and inappropriate questions. 
My mom told me to ignore her as well, but every part of me wants to curse her out. This relative is toxic and I've been pretty good at staying away from her.
My parents are here visiting NY and it feels good to see them.
My father's marriage has broken up. My brother is moving across the country. My cousin has gotten engaged.
My birth father bailed before I was born. My dad was married with a family when he got my birth mother pregnant. I've wanted to find my dad. My sister said he'd just hurt me, said my dad was a very bad man. My birth mom was a total junkie, and passed when I was 2. My sister said visited me, loved me. I can't help but have resentment towards both parents. 
I don't see either of them as my parents. So here are the parents I do miss. My adopted parents got me when I was a few months old. 
My dad was a cop. He loved my mom so much. My dad died when I was only 6 yrs old of a heart attack. I have very few memories of my dad, and I treasure them deeply. Love you daddy, wish you were here. 
Mommy had a heart of gold. My mom had blankets in back of her car to pass out to the homeless. Mom and I always shared a room, did crafts together, went everywhere together. I took care of my mom, did everything from massaging her back to helping her use the facilities. Mom was my everything. It's hard to see my husband and his sister with their mom. I could really use both my parents support and help.
It is hard seeing his sister with his mom because of how close they are, reminds me of how close I was with my mom. Even just hearing him and his siblings call their parents "mom & dad" will hurt because I miss that.
I did find birth family but my birth mom was very nasty,  and my half-siblings just basically dropped me without any word, just stopped contact. My mom (adopted, but of course she is my mom so don't even like to say adopted :) is so wonderful.
I never knew my dad. My mother was in a mental institution. My grandparents took me, but grandpa died when I was 9. I never knew my dad, but did meet him once. My mother got out of the hospital and came to live with us, but it wasn't very pleasant. She beat on grandma and me.. I had a couple aunts though, that were very kind.
I miss my aunts, and my grandmother so much, and my grandfather so deeply.
By the time I was 5-year old, I had gotten my third Father. He was my stepfather and had more to do with raising me than anyone else. He passed away 19-years ago at the age of 71 - but he remains as the person I think of as my Father - even though I remained close with my birth dad until he died 16 years ago!
It sounds like your mom is a better mom than your birth mom so it was probably the best choice for you. I totally know what you mean when you say your foster mom feels more like your mom. My birth parents I don't even call them my parents at all, when I'm talking about them I refer to them by their name, and when I say my mom or my dad, I'm talking about my guardians, who are my true parents. The only time I say "mom" when talking about Tracy (birth mom, it's easier for me to just say their names since I just feel nothing for them as my parents, it's just too weird calling them that) is when I'm talking to my sister. My sister got to know her more, I think she was 15 or 16 when Tracy passed & I think it upsets her when I call my birth mom by her name instead of by mom.
That brought tears in my eyes about your mother beating on you and your grandma. My grandma was abusive too. She'd only be physically abusive to me but mentally abusive to both mom & I.. My grandma and I have made peace with each other but she made me so mad . When my mom was too weak to walk or hold herself up on a walker and confined to a wheel chair, my grandma would scream at her telling her she was lazy, worthless & never did anything in the house. My grandma would scream at her in front of me "As soon as you die I'm getting rid of your daughter." This shattered my mom because my grandma was ALWAYS trying to get rid of me (which I don't get, I took care of not only my mom but my little sister in a wheelchair w/ special needs, my adult uncle in wheelchair & special needs, my brother). I’d have to be up by 5am to get my sister ready for school, dressed, fed, get my uncle ready for his program, my mom ready and myself. My grandma even called social worker behind my mom’s back to get rid of me. but my mom would always stop it from happening.
My mom and dad used to beat me up too. My mom used to beat me up a lot since I was young and I'd usually stand and just cry but like you. My parents and aunt and all will talk a lot but they'll get little response from me. I love my step-granddad. I remember when I first met him at my grandma's house. My granddad kept his promise and visited me and my family a couple of times.
My mom & dad were very special indeed. The last memory I have with my dad was the night before one of my heart surgeries. I needed to stay overnight in the hospital, and I was scared so my mom was going to stay with me. I told my dad he could go home if he wanted, but he said he'd stay in the hospital with us, too. I felt so proud to be his daughter. 
My dad told my mom to take me to the men’s while he stood outside the door, making sure no one would come in. I remember when my mom told my brother and I the bad news. She called us into the bedroom and said daddy's no longer with us. My brother got so mad started saying all these horrible things to me about it. My last memory with my mom was when she was in the hospital. I said, “It's me, mom, your daughter." then she freaked out. I was supposed to stay the night with her the night before that too but my grandma changed her mind at the last minute. I was thinking, fuck school, my mother is dying. I knew when my uncle and grandma picked me up at recess at school, said mom’s in the hospital. My mom had slipped into a coma. My grandma says with tears in her eyes "we're going to make it through this" but I just ran off and left the house for a while. Then my cousin tells me that I didn't love her or care that she was gone because I hadn't cried. I am glad you had the opportunity to meet and get to know your granddad, he sounds like a special person in your life too. Who knows, maybe my parents are your granddad are friends up there.
I don't really remember my relationship with my granddad that much, but I know he meant a lot to me.
My adopted father was abusive, so for some reason I'd start laughing, and then always get sent out of the room.
Another way I try looking at my parents passing is that if they were still here, I wouldn't have met my husband. My parents lived in southern California, and my husband has always lived in northern California. If my parents were still around, my grandma wouldn't have had the chance to send me away to live with my sister in northern California because my parents would have never allowed it to happen.
When my brothers and I were young teenagers, we had to cook dinner and clean the house.
My mom called me up to talk about my younger cousin who is getting married. My mom starts talking about my single-dom.
My aunt told me to ignore her, too.
Bad family and bad people are far, far away from me, and it feels good.
My cousin seems to be fading very fast from cancer that was first diagnosed on 2/1/2014!
Dave, my cousin, has a sister who called me about a month ago to let me know of the diagnosis. Everything is happening so fast - but Dave's sister told me he is OK with moving on.
I’m still grieving for my sister's death, and my 84 year other mother having a breast removed two weeks later.
My son has been such a booty head, and he started in this morning and I could have black and blued his bottom. I went with my sister to the dentist, and she had a root canal done, yikes
My son and I had a talk, and he learned that when I say something, that is what goes.
My son has been whiney.
Then at night my son sleepwalks.
Amber is my daughter. My daughter didn't get mad at me for the suggestion! But this guy, and my daughter too, are really frugal!
My daughter is part of a program at school about the dangers of drinking and driving and drug use.
 I can’t have a cat and that makes me want to leave here and go to my parents to have my cat back. That would break my mom’s heart though, so here I stay broken hearted.
I woke up and made breakfast for me and my mom. 
My sister called a few times today.
I did get a call last night from my daughter - about 11pm.
It was my cousin's christening and my birthday. After the christening, we went to my aunt's house and they gave me a gift and cake.
I'm glad your daughter arrived safely. In the past, I have done anything and everything to try and have a positive relationship with my sister. My mom’s sisters are close. My sister is just out for what she wants and she doesn't care about how anyone else feels.
Not sure how old you are but I have 2 daughters in their early twenties, so I'm going to sound like a mom right now!
I did a lot of journaling and wrote my sister-in-law a 5 page letter telling her exactly how I feel.
I am at hurt for the hateful things she said in an e-mail to me that she also sent to my Mom and brother.
I understand the concept of forgiving my sister-in-law but just cannot seem to do it.
I'm married, have two grown daughters and sometimes I just have to be alone, they all very extroverted, I'm not.
I forced myself to go to a birthday party last night for my two brother-in-laws and stood on the outer edge looking in the whole evening. I don't have things going on in my life to talk about and no kids to talk about or anything like that, so just felt like a real outsider even with my family. I am having serious issues with my sister-in-law as well (no longer on speaking terms), and she was with MY family last night, and they were all talking to her and laughing. I feel somewhat betrayed by my family, I think, for not being on MY side. Now that I type it out, I think that is a large part of what is going on that I cannot tell my family how betrayed I feel and have no one else to talk to. Dang family stuff stinks sometimes and so does this depression.
I guess I will have to struggle along on my own since I don't feel I can talk to my family. I know they care but just don't want them worrying about me, and would not completely understand about my sister-in-law and me. 
I was angry with my wider family for not appearing to give a darn about my disease.
I'm still living at home with my elderly parents: I can't even stand my dad.
I'm very close with my immediate family, who I love very much, but most of my extended family I have no problems writing off.
Dinner was at my house with my daughter Tina, her husband Omar, the grandkids Mason and Kate, my Mom and Michael. I believe my Mom was happy playing cards and poker with the great-grandkids as well.
I hate my life, and the only reason I'm motivated is because of my son. My mom irks the shit out of me. My son’s father is an asshole. I just feel like I'm alone, and I have nothing but the smile on my son’s ¬face.
I went back to visit my cousins last weekend, and no more real white people in the San Fernando Valley.
It sounds like you are the one who lives with his mother in the space above the garage.
My parents always pushed me to be great.
He lives with his mom. His mom gave him a truck. His mom pays his insurance. His mom buys his gas. His mom buys all his food.
My parents lived in a beautiful house, yet lived off of Social Security and retirement payments for health care, plus profit from a small home sale, totaling over $7,200 a month, yet were counted as "poor" in need of redistribution of wealth.
My husband and I have an 11 year old son, and he has known he is gay since he was 6.
I'm a 24 year old father going through the worst time of my life. I'm been going through hell involving my ex-wife, and my 8 month old daughter, my first, and only child. 
Today we celebrate two birthdays: our grandson, Ryan Knapp and our dear friend, Sandy Foreman.
Helen’s cousin Matt and his family were staying at the La Paz Waterfall gardens which are an hour and half north of San Jose.
He is going to take us to visit his family and his insane mother has offered to cook us all lunch.
Eventually we arrive in La Fortuna and visit Brian's family. We meet both of his brothers, a nephew, mom and dad and 91 year old grandma who is so happy to see her grandson. We are given an amazing lunch cooked by Brian's lovely mom. The brothers banter a lot with each other and it's funny to watch the dynamic between them having only had Brian's side of the story up until now.
Thanks to the kind assistance of Owen’s son Jay, Owen was able to head home that evening.
His father had been a big wig at Air Zimbabwe and allegedly the reason it had tanked back in the 90s.
Kaylin is just in love with her little sister, wants to hold and kiss and hug and love her as much as possible. I ’m off to snuggle my newborn baby daughter and watch my older two run around, pop a video and relax.
I am wife to Joey, mother of five amazing kids, three beautiful wonderful girls and two sweet amazing boys.
 “It’s unsightly and embarrassing for him,” she said, so her parents ate in their independent living apartment.
The summer got away from us – one morning our grandsons were pitching sand balls into the lake, the next afternoon they were preparing their backpacks for school.
Don’t get me wrong – I love both of my kids to bits, but the best way I can describe the difference is that maybe I am a more laid-back mom.
Last week I took my 16 month old daughter to a local indoor amusement park with a few of my cousins who also have young children. My daughter has never been a picky eater and everyone knows that food is the way to her little heart.
My marriage is getting worse and worse, my husband is so mean to me, and my son and abusive.
My sister's fiancé's brother suffered a seizure on Sunday and had to be put into a medical induced coma which got us all worried but today we received good news that he has awaken.
My mother is very religious and so is my dad but not to the extreme that she is.
My mom wants to control everything and everyone, and if she can't have it her way she gets angry and starts yelling. My mother is very disrespectful to me, my dad, and my sister and her husband when they visit, and then she turns it around and says that we are the disrespectful ones. Usually my dad simply goes along with it because he doesn't want to stand up to her.
Supposedly there is one big secret that my parents forced my sister to promise that she would never tell me or they wouldn't allow me to see her. So now she won't tell me, and none of my other siblings will tell me.
My parents have been saying we're going to move to my sister and her husband's house in another state soon, because my sister wants us to live with her which surprises me because she's basically dooming herself to live with our over-controlling mother for the rest of her life.
I love my husband but I don't like having to deal with his crazy family and I don't like ME having to deal with it.
At present, my mother is a housewife and just tries to take care of all of us with respect, but we all seem to just argue over the littlest things and hold grudges for the stupidest things. My dad seems to think that everything will fall into place, but he doesn't seem to do any effort towards it. The best way to describe my father and my sister is that they are self-centered ignorant cheapskate children that seem to think that everything is fine as long as they are okay. They make my mom cry almost every day, which makes my blood boil. I end up arguing with my father and my sister, since my mother repeats the same thing every time. I want to help my mother, but she doesn't help herself.
Recently I posted about my stepson Aaron who was homeless. My husband kicked his son out after he left and didn't return when he got his income tax check. 
I have a cousin who has extremely has hurt me deep down inside. My cousin has decided to become pregnant with someone who raped my back in 2010. My cousin never really cared what the guy did to me. I have decided to disown my cousin, and I told her that she is dead to me.
So now my mother is trying to limit what I watch and read. Is my mom being overly controlling?
My son is 42 and his wife is 25. My son has two daughters with the first wife who he has custody of. They are now 16 & 15 years old. My son took up with this girl on a permanent basis not long after the divorce from his first wife. I feel my new daughter-in-law played a part in the breakup of my son's first marriage. I worried about my unborn grandchild the whole time she was pregnant. My granddaughters have absolutely no respect for either of them. I asked my son to come to my house to talk. My son was drinking more, became more abusive and disrespectful not just to her but to his teenage daughters and to me. My son makes a good income and provides well for his family. I feel as though every choice my son made has been rammed down my throat. I feel as though I was forced to accept so much. I stayed involved for the sake of my granddaughters.  I said nasty things under the influence of alcohol for which I feel very bad about and I have apologized and asked for forgiveness through a letter to my son and his wife.  I love my granddaughters and I have been a good mother and granddaughter. I love my son also but I don't approve of his choices.
I believe my husband is having an affair. I don’t really want to divorce him as I have a daughter who has a lot of medical problems. My parents who were my main support are both dead.
I love my mother dearly but lately I have distanced myself because it is hard for me to see my mother continue to be with a man that has caused her so much hurt and pain. My mother has a total of three daughters and all we've seen from my mother was her getting hurt by men. I need help with trying to keep a relationship with my mother even though I look down on her for allowing her children to see this and for her to continue to stay with a man who hurts her so much.
When my sister and I were little, we were very close.
My husband was friends with a guy who my sister was friends with. When I first started dating my husband, my sister’s friend was verbally abusive towards me. My sister knew this and continued to hang out with this guy. I would tell my sister what this guy would say to me, and she even witnessed him mistreating me.
When we left the mall she was driving and my mom called my phone. I started talking to our mom and my sister yells, "I'm done listening to you guys talk now" and she blasts the radio so loud it was painful.
This past Christmas my husband and I drove to visit my parents. My sister was also visiting. On Christmas Eve, my husband fell asleep in the living room, so my sister and I finished decorating the tree together. What is wrong with my sister? 
I’m dealing with a case of my parents favoring my brother over me. For my brother, he can drop as many classes as he wants, he doesn't have to pay for any of it and my parents say he doesn't have to have a job the whole time.
My parents are divorced and the entire family is fragmented into groups of ones and twos that refuse to speak to each other due to fall outs. I tried to draw stability from my mom. My mom has always been very caring and accepting, but there's just one problem there: My stepdad. I love my step dad and he's very kind, but he's also mentally ill and self destructive, often in ways that aren't conscious. My stepdad has caused stress before because my mom, who is usually so logical, can't seem to deal with him. I want to protect my mom and I can't.
When my sister refused to get a job, and she and her girlfriend took my grandmother's and father's money for six years to live in an apartment by themselves, buying whatever they felt like. My grandfather threatened to cancel Christmas because I was "making everyone not get along".  I was equally "wrong" to call out my stepdad's needlessly risky behavior. I'd said if he cared about my mom's well being at all he wouldn't do such things. My stepdad still has no job, and my mom is likely to lose their home, their dogs, everything.
As for my sister, thanks to her my grandmother still can't retire even though she's well past the age that she should.
My grandfather related on my dad's side, and my dad's side of the family is cold and routine oriented.
My mother told me that she never slept when I was in a relationship with this person because she worried about me throwing away my life.
My family blames me for all the family issues, in particular my parents’ marriage. My family – me, my younger sister, and my father - used to travel and sing together.  My sister left the group after a couple years and got married. Eventually, my father got a green card and a regular job, which left me with nothing to do. I'm still at home with no job, no money and totally relying on my parents to look after me. My brother in law began sending harassing emails to me, telling me I was ruining my parents’ life and get off my lazy ass. My mother tried to defend me, but my sister and brother-in-law said she enabled me. My father said that I wasn't his problem or his responsibility. In fact my brother-in-law was abusive to my sister, and I spent hours talking to my sister, and I stood up to her husband when no one else would. My parents immediately shut my fiancé out, and even told my little nephews he "wasn't family" and shouldn't be staying at the house. My sister accused me of ruining her relationship with her mother (who she never calls or visits), and told my mother she would lose the grandchildren if she continued to side with me.
When our oldest daughter was 18, she ran away with her boyfriend. However, Christmas 2013, we discovered that our daughter had been telling people that her father had physically and mentally abused her. Our daughter had regularly been going on twitter calling all members of our family abusive names. My daughter had also told my sister that my husband abuses me and doesn't even let me speak for myself. This is all lies, testified to by her three other sisters who cannot believe what she is saying. There is only 18 months between my oldest daughter and her next sister, and they shared a bedroom until she left home, so if anything she accuses her father of actually happened, her sister would know. 
Now we are estranged again, which is so sad because we desperately miss our two grandchildren, her first child and the second, both little girls who are adorable. 
This is killing her father who always adored her, and has caused a rift between myself and my sister because she has swallowed what my daughter has told her. 
Our other three daughters want to set the record straight and make it known to everyone that their eldest sister is a liar, but I just think that this whole thing is getting out of hand.
I can understand because I am estranged from my 23 year old son, only I don't have anyone to share this pain of estrangement with. I try to remind myself I still have my three other children, but it is hard when you feel that loss of the missing child every day.
My mom is divorced, and she is having mental problems and depression. My mother wanted to ask my sister what was her opinion about the pension. Knowing my sister, I knew that she was going to suggest the option that the lifetime beneficiary would be her, and so she did. My mom at first agreed with that as long as my sister would split the monthly pay with me, but I know this would never happen. My sister is extremely greedy and is always trying to take money from my mom. I told my mom that the final decision was hers and explained that there was no way to guarantee I would be given half of the money. I told her I believed that my sister would never give me the money. My mom knows my sister very well and agreed with me. My sister flipped out and threatened to never speak to my mom ever again if she would name me the beneficiary. So at the end my mom decided to name no beneficiaries, and because of that my sister told my mom that she will never speak to us again. This is killing me and my mom, but more me than my mom. I don't care if my sister never speaks to me ever again, but I do care about my mom. My mom has been trying to reach my sister but she keeps ignoring her.
When I was 22, I decided to get back in contact with my Dad who had been absent from my life for 16 years. I hadn't seen my father since I was 6. Two years ago, my grandfather died, and I found out no one on my father’s side of the family even knew I existed. For the past two years, I have been getting to know my cousins. My dad has accused me of talking to them about him and other things that I would never do. My stepmother has a son who has accused my father and his mother of abusing him when he was younger. I have been reading about narcissistic people after going through emotional abuse from my mother. I wonder if my father got some form of personality disorder. My father will always be my dad, but I don't think I could ever forgive him.
I moved into my aunt’s house when i was 18, and I’ve been here ever since.