In other news, if you ever notice that the car you thought you left in "park" is driving itself towards your house, do not leap in and accidentally slam on the accelerator instead of the brake.
Hey people - you should change your passwords. Parents - note especially that Minecraft is one of the places you should change.
Last night I enjoyed a presentation about this exhibition. The behind-the-scenes design stories are interesting I definitely must see these designs!
After months of struggling with my molasses-slow iMac, I uninstalled Norton Anti-Virus and it's running so fast I'm feeling a little motion sick.
Recommendation: create a new, unprivileged account for email, web, and other "risky" behavior. You can even apply patches (provided you first authenticate with an admin account) without logging out/in.
My life cannot possibly get any weirder.
The subjunctive mood is dead.
Learned a $76.00 dollar lesson yesterday: If you park on a corner, check for something called HP ramps. There are no signs, just some concrete slopping down.
Word Ambulance will be a possible new regular feature. Help me rescue words with the Word Ambulance.
Download Adblock Plus and you will never see another ad here,or an ad on YouTube or anywhere else. It's the best.
If you get an email from me, don't open it! I've been spammed.
My outdoor Ping Pong table has been approved by planning and zoning! They had a senior planner on the case for the last 10 days. This was not simple. Sweet victory is mine.
Off to look at a treadmill desk. Life altering? Or garage filling?
Yes, I'm also waiting for your review. I have a stair-stepper next to a desk; it takes up a lot of room and is very dusty.
This is a fascinating, and worrying, article about how our brains may be adapting to accommodate our internet reading habits at the expense of our ability to sit down and read a book.
I remember seeing Jerry Rice getting a chiropractic adjustment on the sideline before the Super Bowl. He was a big booster of the profession. He said it helped him perform better and extended his career. "Chiropractic care has been instrumental in my life, both on and off the field, and I am excited to share this with the American public," says Rice. "I have been blessed with a long and healthy career as a professional athlete, and as I move forward into the next stage of my life, chiropractic care will continue to be an important part of my game plan."
I got the table champ to carry the heavy end of the Ping Pong Clubhouse roof out of the basement. I bumped a giant wok on the wall and it crashed on top of him. I admit, it was a desperate Tonya Harding style move. It left a mark, but once again the champ was able to walk the wok.
I am forever going to be stuck living in cities with public transportation, because being in a car in traffic is completely intolerable for me. I cannot trust all these other people not to hit me and my family. There's just no logic in risking your life every day in a car.
I'm in the category of people who once earned a  living waiting tables. Because of that experience, I nearly always leave a standard tip of about 20%, be it for a barista, waiter, cab driver, or whatever. I don't believe I've ever met anyone who earned a large part of their living with tips who isn't at least a decent tipper. What are your thoughts on the subject, random humans?
I generally use the double tax rule: a buck for a coffee drink or a beer. Maybe that's a little on cheap side these days, but I’m not rich. I always do tip though because I know a lot of people who do or did work in the food service industry, and they're always the best tippers, for sure.
Scott, that may be true, but I live in the world as it is, not the world as I wish it to be. People need to make a decent living, and if this is how the economy as it pertains to them is structured, my job is to do right by them to the extent that it's in my power to do so.
Because I agree, they should make a decent living, so when you factor in the 20% extra, their prices kind of become outrageous - especially when you consider general food costs, internationally.
When I was in high school, I remember taking one standardized test (the ACT) one time. (I missed the PSAT to attend my grandmother's funeral.) My daughter's schedule: PSAT two times, SAT two times (or more), six or seven AP exams, three SAT II (Subject) tests. That's THIRTEEN standardized tests in four years as part of the college application process. Plus she has to take (and pass) Keystone exams in three subject areas to graduate HS, and she took PSSA exams in grades 3-8. 
My recollection is similar on the test-taking experience -- very few tests (and lots of time for good learning and discussions!) My family members who are teachers would second many of the comments here regarding focusing on the grades, stresses for teachers and students on the test results, etc..
In the good news department: I found my old phone, and though Apple assured me that I had "scrubbed it" remotely, in fact ALL MY PICTURES WERE STILL THERE. So the 600 pictures I thought I'd lost are now happily living on DropBox. I think the scrubbing failed because the battery had died. 
I just saw this completely nuts documentary about the greatest movie never made. If it comes to your town, I really recommend it. It's the most weirdly uplifting thing I've seen in a long time. My deluge story: Went to a play last night and forgot to close the car's moon roof.  Some people noticed and covered the opening with a trash bag, then found me at intermission. Thank you thoughtful folks for rescuing me!
I look at the comments coming in this past week and realize that it is a risk for me to post lately because so few are coming in. When no one comments, shares or likes a post, Facebook decides that none of my posts are interesting and they assume no one wants to see them, so they stop feeding them through to anyone's news feed any longer.
X-Men 3 came out 8 years ago and just about every Marvel movie since has had a secret ending. WHY THEN do most people still leave right as the credits roll?
Geoff has pronounced the Plymouth Rocks excellent and better than the Cape May Salts, which apparently also excellent. I prefer my shellfish cooked.
I LOVE Starbucks, but I was drinking regular coffee since I was 11 and switched to only drink decaf midlife! Still if Starbucks is available I chose it
Lynn, my teacher, has told me some of my technique is seen in some famous paintings. I haven't dared to ask her if the artist is over three. I have some laughs though. It was a good choice on my part. My answer to that was, in my case, it's downright funny.
In honor of my great niece ROSIE, and all the millions of special needs children and adults, let’s learn acceptance, not ignorance! We could all learn a lot from these special children.
Some mornings need be no more complicated than appreciating what you have right in front of you.
This was my son's dog that I posted awhile back when we were trying to find a home for her. If you want a great dog with lots of energy to play with you, go to The Ark and adopt her.
I know you all want a good laugh, and it's OK, I'm laughing now. At about 9 tonight Zach called and asked me to cash a money order for him. I was in the middle of activating my new phone so I told him when I was done I would. The activation was unsuccessful so I wrote the 800 number down, took the new phone with me and headed to the ATM with the intention of getting Zach to call and activate it for me. I noticed the car was a little difficult to get out of park but it did go into drive so I was on my way. Got to the ATM and put the car into park like I always do (do you see what's coming?) Got out the money and got ready to leave and the car wouldn't come out of park! I was so close to the wall I couldn't get out and the only phone I had was not activated. I put on my flashers thinking surely someone would stop to help, but no! I was right down the street from where the city cars gas up and saw a police car there. Thought he would see me and come help, but he pulled out and went the other way, me desperately honking! At that point I decided I should start honking every time a car went by. Finally a young couple took pity on me, stopped, and let me use their phone. First call was to 911 but apparently being stuck in your car at an ATM isn't the type of emergency they deal with. Then I call the police nonemergency number but they said I would have to call for a tow. So I get out my number for my roadside assistance and call and am informed my coverage expired last Sept. I am fairly certain I paid last year so I will be checking into that tomorrow and if I did, they will be hearing from me! She did arrange a tow for me though that I would have to pay for. Shortly thereafter the tow truck arrived. The nice man showed me a trick for getting it into drive and only charged me $20. He was my knight in shining armor. The sweet little girl named Andrea who let me use her phone and whose time I took up wouldn't take any money but I will be eternally grateful to her. OK, go ahead and laugh! The moral of the story is make sure you take your activated phone with you!
Suzanne, Ruby lost a pearl earring this morning. If it is found, could you let me know? It was good seeing you.
I narrated our morning walk for 10 minutes before I realized I was talking to myself.
We’re celebrating Tasty-Kakes 100th birthday because we believe it supporting the local economy. Also, because we love cupcakes.
Granted, there are worse problems in the world, but it drives me crazy when baseball announcers spout "truths" that are inaccurate. Today's issue, in the bottom of the fourth, with Matt Carpenter at the plate, a 1-2 count on him and a runner on third, Al Hrabosky told us that Carpenter "becomes a much better hitter" when he has two strikes. Now, I'm a big fan of Carpenter; he's a very good hitter, but he doesn't "become a much better hitter" with two strikes. His total OPS last year was .873 while his OPS with two strikes was .780. His two-strike OPS was the second best in all baseball, and was more than 260 points above the MLB average two-strike OPS of .515, so he's a better hitter with two strikes than pretty much anyone but he's not a better hitter with two strikes than he is without two strikes.
Christine - what an amazing event you put together. Thank you for all that you do to foster a love of art and writing in children. It is such an important mission.
In my hallway closet, I have entire wardrobes of women's and girls’ clothes, ranging in size from newborn to hugely pregnant. I am a pack rat. I have come to terms with it.
Despite our loss today, I am personally proud of how well we performed and played in our matches. This year was a growing year for our team, however given the quality of robot we produced as a team, the future is only bright. With a new highly energized group of incredible freshman, and a now veteran team of rising seniors, we surely will be building world class robots for years to come.
Early this morning, as I was getting my 5-yr old out of her car seat (on our way across the street to her preschool), a police car which had been sitting & watching from down the block, suddenly pulled up behind us. The officer jumped out of his car as if he had just saw a BANK ROBBER. He stood in front of my daughter and I, who were waiting to cross the street, and was writing a ticket. He didn’t put the ticket in my hand, and I hope and pray that whatever he wrote doesn’t somehow get in the system. I plan on checking. My fiancé was in the driver's seat and was about to pull off anyway. I told him to please go around the corner and wait for me. 
My daughter pointed at the police man and said "mommy, look. The police man is writing daddy a ticket? Aw man, daddy can't drive me to school anymore." Then, not only did I have to get us safely across the street, but I also had to explain and reassure my daughter that "the nice police man wasn't writing a ticket” (I hope not). We just happened to be parked at the end of the line. We'll drive you to school every day - you hear me? Don't you worry about it.  You just have a good day at school today."
I really don't know HOW the school system can come up with a better way for parents to drop off their children at school without being subjected to police drama in front of the children. I know there will be nothing done to help parents who drive their children to school. I refuse to use the school bus route because school bus drivers are forgetting kids on the buses and/or dropping them off at the wrong locations, fighting the kids, etc. No thanks!! I choose to drive my own child to school and walk her inside to her class MYSELF!!
Not just insensitive, as Justin makes it clear, but a kind of tacit agreement that it's a possibility, but with a "so what, we can't do anything about this, it's somewhere else, not here." As Adrienne Rich reminds us in the title of a poem,"Nowhere Else But Here." which, to my mind, makes everywhere here.
I checked with 10-15 other organizations and all of them either knew they had no problem or had fixed it. Verizon is a mess. So someone from Verizon called me back; remember the guy I talked to promised me that they would get back to me and I told him "Check". So last night I got a call from Verizon tech support. They wanted to help me fix my problem. I told them I didn't have a problem, that they had a problem. We went back and forth for 10 minutes. He wanted to tell me how I could change my email password. When I realized I would never get through to him, I thanked him, and we hung up. I'm not sure why I keep writing about it. 
I actually had a literary agent in 2009-2010.   I met her by accident. She casually emailed me, having found this blog, to ask me in for a chat. So I went.  I’m always up for a chat. I will speak to anyone. She had a beautiful office off Leicester Square, with this beautiful woman, bare feet under her desk.  I didn’t think the chat was an interview. I went in there with talc all over a skirt and unwashed tights. I talked about writing a book, maybe. I’m a writer and I want to write a book.  Writers write books. Semi popular bloggers write books. I didn’t actually realize she was a literary agent- or the director of the company.  She was both.  She was one of those women who awe me.  She was disarming and friendly, wickedly funny and clever, and believed in me. I hoped we’d be friends.
I remember running out of the office to Robert, in blinding sunshine, skipping and dancing. I was going to write a book!  I would do what I had always wanted to do- be a writer, a REAL writer. Not just a blogger, not just someone on Facebook.  I could write a book people keep on their bedside table like I kept, “The Bell Jar” on mine. I might even get a little advance.  We walked through rich London, past restaurants off-limits to patchwork slobs like us. I held his hand and pointed at menus.  “One day”, I said, “We’ll get dressed up and I’ll take my advance and we’ll eat in here”. It felt like I was entering a whole new world. 
I picked a case much like that out of a curbed trash pile many years ago.
Is Tyler playing this year? I'm going to miss going to the boys games.
I bought it yesterday with a bunch of other books I'll likely never have time to read. I started it last night. I think it's going to be fun to include as part of our Macbeth adaptation discussion.
I haven't finished the novel, so I couldn't say for sure whether it was based on Macbeth, but I have heard that. I heard him speak about it twice, and he did say that he structured it in a manner reminiscent of a classic tragedy, with a chorus and all.
MY FIRST MOVIE CREDIT, from my New York internship I did at Puppet Heap at the end of 2012.
A few months ago I attended a reading by a friend of mine who was on tour promoting his latest novel. I brought my personal copy of his book to the event for him to sign. Good thing, because it turns out that I needed to follow along the printed text to make out what he was saying. His enunciation was a disservice to his stylishly crafted prose, and I was dismayed to think that some in the audience might dismiss his writing because of its poor delivery.
Many of us writers are uncomfortable reading our work aloud. A writer's relationship is with the written and printed word; our relationship with our readers is quiet and indirect. The last thing on our minds when we are writing is that someday we'll be marched onto a stage and forced to perform it in front of an audience.
I need to practice. I know that I cannot rely on "trying very hard" during the moments of performance when my adrenalin is high and my head is filled with distraction.
Every time I do a reading of my own work I prepare by rehearsing the passage with a timer running. I note in pencil which words to emphasize and when to take a breath. If I don't practice, then in the pressure of the moment, I'm liable to twist and contort the very passages that I've fussed over for days to get right on paper. If I don't practice, I'll read too quickly; I'll swallow the ends of my sentences. I'll not give the pauses needed for the reader to savor my words. After I practice, I record myself and play it back—always a mortifying experience. My voice is too high. Then I go back and practice some more. Maybe I'll never get good, but I do get better—enough.
What a great group of peeps. Look forward to catching up with everyone again.
These are the cherry trees Larry and the kids planted on Southampton Street about 15 years ago in honor of Calla's birthday. We don't live on this street, but the stretch of sidewalk by the church was bare and ugly before he planted them. They burst into bloom a couple of days ago, so this morning I took Larry's picture in front of them as we walked by--but the guy who lives in the church parish house (a tenant) wouldn't get out of the photo. He was too busy complaining about the trees, as if we could retroactively make them go away.
After an evening and morning of exploring all aspects of the first floor, our new feline family members are bundled together for a nap. Not sure how they are box fitting in the one box.
I think I'll be in quarantine longer than my dogs will. A very long time ago I lived there part time for about a year and a neighbor said something to me and I looked at her and said I don't know I haven't brought my passport with me.  The people I've met and been talking with so far who live there have been great.
The only real reason I'm moving from my current place is the stairs. My knees are starting to bark. I did just get a lead on a floor-through with a yard, so it may be I stay here. I never had my own yard before, always lived in tiny apartments in a city. I'm so used to being in walking distance of everything.
I'll tell you -- there's definitely an adjustment period moving from the city to the suburbs, but we're really liking it here. We do have two small kids, so the school district played a big part in our decision. 
I love my mail order girlfriend. She's better than any modern day selfish American woman.  I picked my girl online and paid $3000 to chat with her. I went to her country to meet her family and gave her 1000 dollars and a bunch of gifts. She is now living in this country because of me. I love walking in the city with her and buying her whatever she wants. I will admit that it's getting expensive and this relationship is starting to be out of my range money-wise but I'm ok with it because I've found my soul mate. She makes me feel so good when I show her around the city. I'm going to ask her to marry me sometime this year. Though we haven't had sex yet because she's a traditional woman, we've held hands and have really deep thoughts about life. I am so lucky. I'm glad I spent $30,000 on meeting her and another $20,000 on her family. I know it's putting a crimp in my savings and retirement account that I've had to withdraw to keep my little darling happy but it's going to be so worth it when we walk down the aisle.
I've been searching for a room on craigslist in Brooklyn in order to be closer to my job. I've been reading post after post about crazy ass people who need to dictate their rules like you're some sort of child and they're some sort of higher being. I'm giving you $600-700 dollars a month and you act like to live with you is free. You should see some of these outrageous requirements but not even that, it's the tone of the craigslist post, it's absurd, disrespectful and rude.
I come here for work and travel back to West Coast regularly. I like to bring some treats back for people, sometimes chocolates, sometimes macaroons from, say, Macaroon Cafe, sometimes cookies from Milk Bar. I'd like to find some other pastries that are conveniently packaged for travel, like Milk Bar, something tasty. I used to try to bring cupcakes, Doughnut Plant donuts, but by the time I buy them, travel across country, whip them out the next day, etc. they're not in good shape. I’m looking for suggestions, I will go anywhere in Manhattan or Brooklyn.
I'm posting this because I'm looking for advice. My friends have been giving me some really contradictory ideas and I'm hoping someone out there has some insight into what's going on.
I'm a young lady who's a pretty good catch. I exercise regularly and dress nicely. I have a good job and my own apartment. I'm recently single and this guy I've known for a few years asked me out. We've been out on a few dates. I like him. 
The thing is, he's super reserved and quiet--a little hard to talk to. I'm not actively trying to date other people, but last night I met a cute guy at a bar and he asked me out. Meanwhile, my main squeeze is out of town--texting sporadically, but we don't have any solid plans for when he comes back. 
I purposely signed up to take my state exams at my alma mater, the University where I did my PhD. I wanted a positive setting.
He grabbed my coffee yesterday, so quick and with such a grip, I had to pry it out of his hands. Luckily he didn't spill it.
My students are in trouble now - my cat decided to take over grading.
I bet your cat is an insightful - and lenient - grader!
I went outside to check on my dad whose grilling burgers in the yard and I spotted the neighbor's kid from a few doors up the street was playing pretend, being an adventurer or a spy or something. He had a pair of binoculars and was looking around but mostly at us, so when I went back inside Atly suggested I grab some binoculars and spy back. I went back outside with the binoculars and looked around a bit, then turned and once I had the kid in my sights I pretended to be surprise, jumping back and going "AH!". The kid started grinning really wide and pointed at me and shouted "HA!" so I pointed right back and went "HA!" then I went back inside.
Oh, and everything the NY Times writer says about the salt potatoes and the octopus and the roasted kale and the cauliflower and the blood-orange cake is true.
I wonder if they actually serve mackerel -- not really a common fish on menus, but more common then shad, which I also like even if it wins fish boniness awards.
I looked at their on-line menu, and they have chicken livers, and also cod croquettes, both of which I haven't had in a long time.
During the Cultural Revolution, while I was a Middle School student, I was sent down to the countryside to do manual labor in the early 1970s. This was something which happened to most Middle School Students at that time. I didn't want to do heavy physical labor every day, so I found a way to get out of this. So, I managed to spend my days painting, copying portraits of Chairman Mao, instead of laboring in the fields. One day I happened to come across a very old copy of a magazine which contained a picture of the painting "Madonna and Child" by Raphael. I was extremely moved by this painting. So, you can imagine how I felt when I saw this picture, with the Madonna smiling and the little baby Jesus also smiling out at me. I was deeply moved and touched, and felt a great sense of peace. After this, I did portraits of Chairman Mao by day and then, late at night, I did some copies of the "Madonna and Child," both sketches and oil paintings. I gave some of these copies to friends to encourage them too. To this day I still keep one of those oil paintings and recently a famous woman writer who was my neighbor during those times told me that she still has one of the "Madonna and Child" sketches which I gave her.
Being one of the shorter kids, I was always in the front of the line. We had to hold the door for the other kids at the stations of cross.  As all the kids walked in church, I closed the door and walked home.
I'm so confused by this picture. Just had to look at for five minutes before I figured out it’s backwards!
Actually, I don't eat chocolate, nor get the munchies for that matter, that is a Hollywood myth. I have finished up morning Easter services with my family. Afterwards I will finish dying my eggs and head over to my grandmother's house where we have an Easter Egg hunt for the kids at noon. And then around 2 our family meal will be served. I am a vegan and also practice gluten-free eating so after I pick around the dinner table and have a glass of wine I will again retreat to the back. Afterwards I will meet up with some friends where we have tickets for Transcendent at 7:10. We'll watch the movie, then head back to my house. I will then take my shower, brush my teeth, hit the vaporizer one more time and head off to bed. 
I think it's happening because they increased the potential pool of numbers, making it harder to win.
Now, I know I am never going to win, the odds are incredible but I would rather have a chance at winning a smaller amount every drawing - every couple of days, than a mega jackpot every few weeks or months.
I set up service with Verizon on 7/17/2013. At that time I also set up auto payment plan (which took about 1 hour). About 3 weeks later we get a phone call saying our service will be interrupted, I call back once again and wait on the phone for 30 minutes, then proceed to set up the auto payment once again, another 30 minutes.
Today at 9:00am, I get another phone call saying that our service will be interrupted. I immediately make the dreadful call and wait 25 minutes for an agent who gets on the phone and tries to help me with the auto pay yet again. Toward the end of the call, she informs me that she will make a note of it. I explain my frustration that I am having with this company. She then hangs up on me while I am trying to talk.
So now I am thinking about what just happened and I make another call trying to get to a supervisor.  I wait yet again for 30 minutes. Then I get this woman on the phone who should be promoted. She was trying to help me out making sure my auto payment was set up. She told me how sorry she was for the other rude person hung up on me and wanted to help me with additional promotions but couldn't because we have the ones she able to give out. So she tells me she could send me to an "Elite team associate" Guess how long I waited? After talking to him for 40 minutes and didn't get anything done, he tells me he could send me to a supervisor.  I am on the line waiting and a couple of minutes later I hear him typing, I said hello can you transfer me? He says he has to chat with a supervisor and is waiting for one to pick up. Then after  waiting for a person to "pick up" another 10 minutes, he tells me that a person named Matilda was going to call me. So here I am waiting for this person to call for over two and a half hours and I have things to do.
So I decided to make yet another phone call waited 25 minutes was told I had to disclose all of my complaints again in order for him to transfer me to a supervisor, waited about 10 minutes this time, was told he couldn't do anything and I was to go to customer service another 12 minutes and after going through that painful process of repeating myself for the 8th time, she informs me to either write you a letter and or email you.
I do take responsibility for my actions, I go to church, I have sought spiritual help from my priest and I have read many self help books.
I need a kind hearted, opened minded hiring manger to give me an opportunity.
I’m a temporary barber to fill-in for you until your regular comes back or until you find the replacement. I can work Tues through Sunday, any hours, late hours, early hours, long hours, whatever you need. I do all services including hot towel, and straight razor shaves. I have all the equipment and am ready to go for you asap.
I am a very intelligent man, I have common sense, and I am also very, very organized. I learn very fast. I believe there isn't a job out there that I couldn't do and do well. Maybe you work from home and need an assistant, whatever it is please just give me a chance. Most likely I will be able to give you ideas and or save you money down the road. I could be a real asset to you and your business.
I don't have bartending experience, but I know my way around the bottles. I was thinking of working as a bar back, but I've heard they can be treated badly by the bartenders, do a lot of the work, and get paid much less. I was looking for something for 3:30 pm to whatever time at night on weekdays, and anytime on weekends. I would do prep cooking or line cooking or assist, or if anyone wants a personal cook, such as when people hire others to come to their homes and cook for them, as long as I'm not a waitress or a bus person, and I don't want to end up at McDonalds. I’m willing to learn and even do cashier work, if necessary.
I would appreciate the opportunity to meet and further share with you my qualifications and enthusiasm for joining your team. Thank you for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
My immediate goal is to secure a long term job position with a stable company that values an honest and loyal employee, with integrity, a positive attitude, a dynamic work ethic, and a passion for promoting excellence in the work-place. Having all of these exceptional qualities, it is my belief that I can be an invaluable asset to your company. I have the capacity to learn quickly new tasks and functions including the easy to communicate and to work without supervision and also under pressure. I have a good capacity of analysis and resolution of the problems, the curiosity intellectual, team spirit and leadership. I believe I am a strong candidate for any position. I am independent person and can work without supervision and under pressure and have knowledge in administration. My maturity, my practical experience, my knowledge and eagerness to enter into your organization will make me an excellent candidate for any position. I speak French and English. I have 5 years work experience in finance, administration and warehouse logistic. I have good knowledge of Word, Excel, Publisher, Power Point. If you think that I could be a good candidate for your company, please email me and I will be glad to send my resume and speak with you.
I can type your voice recordings or hand written documents into digital versions (Word, PDF, etc). I work quickly and accurately.
I can send some of my Portfolio's /work completed along with my profile on request.
I am based in US and work as a Independent contractor and willing to work on either fixed or hourly rate basis.
I am always happy to meet up to discuss your ideas and communicate via telephone/email/Skype as required and ready for a trial work prior to any contract and also send references of my client for whom I have worked in the US.
I am a mature, responsible, retired letter carrier seeking part time employment for approximately 20 hours per week. I am an honest, hardworking, conscientious person, who is dedicated to his job. In addition, I enjoy helping other people, and providing excellent customer service.
I am a mature, responsible, conscientious person seeking part time employment in an office environment in Northeast Philadelphia, performing light clerical duties (filing, light data entry, copying, sorting). Previously, I worked for the School District of Philadelphia, but was laid off due to budget costs, and have now decided to pursue other interests. I am a quick learner, hard worker, and dedicated to my job. Also, I enjoy working with people. I am looking forward to your response, and being considered for employment in your office.
I am a mature, responsible, patient, and nurturing person that loves working with children, who is seeking a position as an assistant teacher in a preschool, pre-k, kindergarten, or elementary school classroom(preferably part time). I have a Bachelor of Science degree in Early Childhood Education. Previously, I have worked with three, four, and five year old children at a child development/learning center. Also, I have volunteered my services at various preschools and elementary schools, including special education. In addition, I have been employed by the School District of Philadelphia as a classroom assistant, supportive services assistant, and ESOL tutor. If you are interested, I will be happy to forward my resume.